{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red34\green255\blue6;
\red18\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue233;\red67\green3\blue121;\red67\green2\blue121;\red17\green0\blue231;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c0;
\cssrgb\c10160\c10292\c93230;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c33735\c10632\c54920;\cssrgb\c33534\c10414\c54715;\cssrgb\c9689\c9755\c92705;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh16740\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PAST TOP 10 ENTRYS\
\
TOP 10 WOODEN COASTERS\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #20. Viper @ Six Flags Great America - While Viper is usually just passed off as just another Cyclone clone by many enthusiasts, there is just so much more to this ride. While it has many of the same elements as a Cyclone clone, there is much more to Viper. This ride has some really good laterals, great ejector air, and on top of all of that, this ride is as smooth as glass. Seriously, this isn't brutal like all the Cyclone Clones. You actually can throw your hands up and have a ball unlike on the Cyclone Clones where you have to hold on for dear life so you don't get the crap beaten out of you. And plus, this ride even has a double dip. And if you've ever experienced a double dip, you'll know that they are one of the secret ingredients that causes some extreme airtime. Now here's a little warning. Viper needs some time to warm up before it can run all crazy. It's fun in the morning, but not Top 10 Worthy. That's something I had to wait 2 years to learn. But it's still a great ride. And to make things even better, Viper has no magic seat. Every seat will give you one wild ride. Viper. It may not look that tough, but man, can it bite.\
\
#19. Cornball Express @ Indiana Beach - When you first look at Cornball Express, you would never expect that this is a Top 10 Coaster. I mean, it looks more like something that I would design in RCT rather than a real rollercoaster. However, looks can be deceiving. This little ride actually has quite a lot of power. The ride's shoehorned nature allows for some very tight turns and quick changes of direction to give an out of control ride and of course, as everyone says, the ride has some really strong airtime. Though to be fair, the ride's crazy airtime doesn't start until the end. Because at first, I was wondering where all the crazy ejector air was, and it didn't come until the end of the ride in the final stretch when you go up over those hills where you least expect it. Now that is some powerful stuff. It provides one hell of a better ride than it's bigger brother Hoosier Hurricane next door, and continues to thrill people at Indiana Beach to this very day. Cornball Express. Proving that there really is more than corn in Indiana.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #18. Renegade @ Valleyfair - Constructed by the guys from GCI, Renegade, like all GCIs gives riders a twisty out of control ride. It has everything that a person is looking for in a good wooden rollercoaster. High Speeds, pops of airtime, smooth curves, high laterals, and an out of control ride that doesn't let up until the brakes. Now when I first rode Renegade in the morning, it was a fun ride and definitely a good GCI. However, I wasn't too impressed with it. It sort of just reminded me of an extended Apocalypse. However, when you let it warm up, that's when Renegade really comes out of its shell and take you for a wild ride. It'll whip you around and it won't slow down until the final brakes, and you're guaranteed to love this ride. Renegade. It's so good that Styx even named a song after this ride. And when Styx names a song after you, you're bound to be pretty damn good.\
\
#17. Hellcat @ Timber Falls - Located in a puny little park that's right down the street from a big amusement park, Hellcat can be easy for a tourist to simply pass up this little coaster when hitting the Dells. They'll probably say something like "We already rode all the huge coasters at Mt. Olympus. We don't need to ride this puny little ride." Well for your information, this puny little ride is crazier than anything that Mt. Olympus can provide. And yes, that includes Hades. And let's not forget the fact that Timber Falls is actually run well. It's constructed by S&S Power. You know, the people who make all those Space Shots. Bet you never thought they'd make a wooden coaster. Well they did, and this one kicks ass. While on the outside, Hellcat looks small, puny, and repetitive. However, if you ride it, it's FAST, CRAZY, AND OUT OF CONTROL!!!!! Once Hellcat picks up its speed, it ain\'92t slowing down any time soon. You fly over those hills and whip through those turns, giving you both great airtime and great laterals. However, I will warn you. Hellcat shows no mercy on anyone. It's rough and will beat the crap out of you. But it's just so intense and so amazing that you don't even care. Hellcat. It provides one hell of a ride.\
\
#15. Prowler @ Worlds of Fun - Now I'm sure many of you are quite aware of all the "PROWLER IS GOD!!!!!!!!!" jokes out there. And no, that is not true. Prowler is not god. But to give the ride credit, it really is a great ride, and my favorite GCI. Unlike most rides, Prowler is not really in the park, it goes out of the park and into the middle of nowhere. So when you first ride it at night and don't research the layout so you have no idea where you're going or what's going to happen, you're in for a wild ride. You twist in ways you didn't expect and get random pops of airtime that really take you by surprise. And to top it off, the ride is located in the middle of the forest where there are no lights on whatsoever, leaving you completely blind (Oh, and when the on-ride photo flashes, the light is so bright that everything turns white and you go blind for a few seconds). But even in the day, it's still a great GCI that runs really well. Prowler. It may not be holier than though, but it sure deserves the #10 spot on this countdown.\
\
#13. Raven @ Holiday World - As the first of the wooden trio at Holiday World, Raven is frequently mentioned as one of Holiday World's best rides. For years and years, it was ranked as the #1 coaster of all time. In fact, it wasn't until Holiday World built another certain wooden coaster that I will talk about later, that this ride was always voted #1 wooden coaster ever!!! So this proves that just because something is overrated doesn't mean that it's bad. Hell, Raven is overrated and it's still good enough for the #10 spot on this countdown. Now when I first rode Raven in the morning, it was tremendously overrated. It wouldn't have even made this list based on my morning ride. It was slow and sluggish then. But like so many other rides, just give it some time to warm up, and it can really take you for a wild ride. It definitely has an out of control feeling to it, and of course, the setting always helps. Raven. It's like riding a famous poem. A famous poem about sex and drugs!!!! (Ok, it's not about sex and drugs, but it would be better if it was.)\
\
#11. Thunderhead @ Dollywood - Yeah. I know that this is not the big amazing wooden coaster that Dollywood is now known for (Thanks for being closed Lightning Rod. You almost certainly would've made it on this list if only you were F*CKING OPEN!!!). But even with Lightning Rod closed, there's still another amazing woodie for you to check out at Dollywood with Thunderhead. While this wasn't the first GCI by any means, this is what I'd call the first modern GCI. It was the first with the station fly-by, and ever since then, many of their rides since have come up with a layout very similar to that of Thunderhead. I know GCIs aren't exactly what people think of when they think of amazing wooden coasters, and yeah. GCIs are fun. But generally not the best. But Thunderhead really is a damn good ride. It has an incredibly twisty and windy layout and it's just a ton of fun. The vast majority of the ride is out away from Dollywood, so it's kind of isolated, and at night, god damn. It's just a ton of fun, and my personal favorite out of all the GCIs I've ridden. Lots of speed, lots of laterals, some decent airtime pops, and a bunch of twisty fun. It may not be a good Lighting Rod replacement, but it's still a damn good woodie for Dollywood.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TOP 10 STEEL COASTERS\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #??. Green Lantern @ Six Flags Magic Mountain - I was pretty iffy about putting Green Lantern on the list because the ride experience can vary tremendously depending on how balanced your cars are. When its all balanced up, it's lame as there's no flipping. Just dropping. Though even thats fun since you do get some airtime on the drops and one flip on the final hump. However when its unbalanced, man does it get crazy. You never really know what you'll get. Sometimes you'll flip during the first half, which means you're really having a crazy ride. Sometimes you just go nuts in the second half. Sometimes you don't flip on the final hump, which leads to some EXTREME ejector air. All I know is that its crazy. Now many people complain and say that Green Lantern sucks because its so tame compared to Insane @ Grona Lund. Well if that's the case, I need to get my ass to Grona Lund ASAP as Insane must truely be insane. But anyways, Green Lantern. Marathoning it can give you a headache (Not joking and its worth it).\
\
#??. Dueling Dragons @ Universal Orlando Resort - Now technically, Dueling Dragons counts as 2 credits. (I normally don't count double tracked coasters as 2, but due to such extreme differences in their layouts, I made an exception for Dueling Dragons.) But what really gave Dueling Dragons the #3 spot is, you guessed it, the Dueling factor. I just love it. Both tracks themselves are pretty good alone, but neither one would be as good as Montu. But when you add in that dueling factor, HOLY CRAP!!!! THIS KICKS SO MUCH ASS!!!!!!! You really come close to the other track. And I mean only a few feet away. So yeah. And you're going through many cool elements at the same time so you can't decide on whether to say "Oh Crap!!! We're going to hit them!!!!" or "Wee!!!!! This is fun!!!!!" So that really adds A LOT to the excitement factor. But both tracks themselves are damn good rides that would rank quite high alone, so I'm not just loving this ride for the Dueling. Dueling Dragons. Bring your sword and slay those bastards on the other side!!!! Dueling Dragons lost its spot as a Top 10 coaster when they stopped dueling the two sides.\
\
#??. Storm Runner @ Hersheypark - Constructed by Intamin, Storm Runner was the first rocket coaster to include inversions. And while it may not exactly be the longest ride in the world, it serves you quite a thrill. And hey, compared to Top Thrill Dragster, Storm Runner is really really long. It's got a really nice launch, some good airtime over it's fairly large top hat, and a nice immelmann. And this is all really fun and exciting. But what really puts it on the Top 10 List is the flying snake dive. This is one of the craziest inversions ever. It's got ejector airtime and an inline twist and a sudden drop all in one. It's simply amazing. Now since my last visit to Hersheypark, they added another roller coaster called Farenheight. I'm not sure how that is since I haven't been on it. But, good or not, Hersheypark is still a great park with a Top 10 Coaster. Storm Runner. Now get ready. Here we go.\
\
#??. Sheikra @ Busch Gardens Tampa - It's pretty obvious to see what Sheikra's main gimmick is. Two vertical drops that peirce the sky. So you can obviously tell that this is a really great ride. And in this case, looks don't lie. This monster of a ride gives one hell of a ride. Themed to a bird in Africa that has to dive to the ground to catch it's prey, Sheikra is a perect fit for Busch Gardens Africa. After slowly creeping to what looks like certain doom, you simply dive, giving these rides the name of dive machines. And unlike the earlier dive machines, Sheikra actually does other stuff, including an imelmann, another vertical drop, and a water splash, which while does nothing for the ride, does give the ride a great visual feature. However, despite these features, Sheikra is still on the short side. But Sheikra takes advantage of every second it has, giving people one great ride. Sheikra. Diving straight onto this countdown.\
\
#??. Incredible Hulk @ Universal Orlando Resort - Peircing the skys of the Universal Orlando Resort, The Incredible Hulk is not the type of ride that tricks many guests into thinking it's just a tiny little coaster. Following a launch into a heartline roll, you then take on a humongus vertical loop and cobra roll. In fact, this is so far, the only launched B&M ever built. Now to be fair, B&M just built the rest of the ride and told Universal to find someone else to do the launch. And you know those ride's that look huge and intimidating, but don't live up to the hype? Well Hulk's not like that. It looks fast and huge, and it is. And to top it all off, the ride has some cool theming that really helps add to the ride. The Incredible Hulk. Umm....What to say...What to.... ROAR!!!!!! ME HULK!!!! ME GOT #10 SPOT ON LIST!!!!!\
\
#??. Nitro @ Six Flags Great Adventure - When you have the \
<a href="ElToroPhotos.html">#1 Wooden Coaster</a> of all time in your home park, it's hard to really care about much else. Though one shouldn't forget about Nitro. While it may not be nearly as crazy as its next door neighbor El Toro, it sure is a lot of fun. It's a fun B&M Hyper Coaster with a really fun first drop, some really fast speeds, and some strong floater air. Now this ins't the weak floaty floater air that people usually talk about like that found on La Ronde's Goliath. It's fairly strong floater air. Though I will admit that Nitro is overrated as is its floater air. Nitro is not the greatest coaster ever built, no matter how many enthusiasts scream that it is. But still be sure to check out Nitro. It really is a fun B&M Hyper and a great addition to Six Flags Great Adventure.\
\
#??. Behemoth @ Canada's Wonderland - In a sea of clones and other average rides, Behemoth stands out like sore thumb, literally. It dominates the skyline of Canada's Wonderland with it's bigass drop and huge hills. Or at least it did until Leviathan came along and went and copied Behemoth while adding an extra 100 ft. Behemoth knows how to get a really fun ride with it's high speeds, open seating, and floater air. Now to be fair, like on most B&M Hypers, the floater air on this is overrated. I'm not sure what it is about B&M Hypers and overrated floater air, but they all seem to have this quality. It's like one of the laws of physics. All B&M Hypers must have overrated floater air. But oh well. It's still a really great ride. And it is my favorite of the 5 B&M Hypers I have ridden. What more do I need to say? Behemoth is a solid coaster that put a pretty big grin on your face. Behemoth. Proving that Canadians can do thing right too.\
\
#??. Montu @ Busch Gardens Tampa - \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Named after the Egyptian God of war, Montu manages to give you quite a ride. With all that this ride does, you would think that you were on the battlefields of a war. Except you're not crapping your pants in fear thinking "OH SH*T!!!!! I'M GOING TO DIE!!!!!!!" (Well, at least if you're not a rollercoaster enthusiast.) But still. This is a really damn good ride. You've got seven inversions, one of them is a batwing, which is awesome. And to top it all off, Montu is really really forceful. This is no Silver Bullet or Talon here. We're really talking forecful here. Now to be fair and give it some critisism, there are some trim brakes on Montu which if removed could bring Montu up a few spots. However, I know that they need to be there for maintenence, GP Appeal, and other appeal. But even so, Montu is a damn good ride with some damn strong forces. Montu. It's better than the actual Pyramids of Giza.\
\
#??. Insane @ Grona Lund - If you're groaning at me putting this on the list, take a deep breath and calm down. They do things differently at Grona Lund. This isn't Six Flags Magic Mountain, they actually know how to run a Zac-Spin here. So yeah, if you've been reading the site for many years now, you may have remember that I originally put Green Lantern on my Top 10 Steel Coasters List <a href="PastTop10Lists.html">when it first opened</a> and that was before Six Flags Magic Mountain went and permanently ruined the ride. Seriously. Green Lantern is f*cking AWFUL NOW!!! But anyways, let's talk about Insane. This is the coaster that Green Lantern is supposed to be a clone of and is supposedly so much better than. Let me put it this way. Insane at its absolute worst, is on par with Green Lantern at its absolute best, back when it first opened and was a brand spanking new ride. Yeah, as the name implies, Insane is INSANE!!! It flips like crazy, you face the ground, you get all this hang time, and its just this crazy out of control ride. It's so good. It's SO F*CKING GOOD!!! I really hope that these Zac Spins catch on and that we get more Insanes and they aren't ruined like Green Lantern. Insane. IT'S TRULEY INSANE!!!!\
\
#??. Piraten @ Djurs Sommerland - Now if you're the kind of person who judges a book by its cover, or a roller coaster by its size, you may be scratching your head as to why the hell this tiny little ride made it onto the list? Well, it may be small, but this ride is actually INSANE!!! Yeah, Piraten is one of the Intamin Mega-Lites, rides which are known to be some of the best and most powerful coasters on the planet. They have a GOOD reputation and it's not for no reason. These things are just absolutely slathered in airtime and craziness. Those little hills have some of the strongest ejector air on any coaster, and while they may just look like twists, those things have some REALLY strong laterals. It never loses any of its speed and it just keeps going and going, getting stronger and stronger, trying to eject you from your seat like a bucking horse. It just throws you around in every direction. It's a shame that these rides are only in Eurasia and refuse to make it over to North America because they really are great rides and some of the best on the planet. If you have a chance to ride Piraten, or any of the other Intamin Mega-Lites, TAKE IT!!! THEY ARE AMAZING RIDES!!! YOU WILL LOVE THEM!!!! THEY'RE WORTH MORE THAN GOLD!!!\
\
#??. Phantom\'92s Revenge @ Kennywood - \cf3 Phantoms Revenge has a very interesting history. It was originally known as Steel Phantom which was like Phantoms Revenge, but with loops. Some people loved it and some people hated it. But who cares. In 2001, they turned Steel Phantom into Phantom's Revenge and it is awesome. It doesn't matter if Steel Phantom was good or not because it is now being replaced by one of the best rollercoasters of all time. Seriously. This ride is amazing. I mean, the airtime on this ride is just incredible. Your ass will really be in for a treat on Phantoms Revenge. But there's far more to it than ejector air. Phantom's Revenge also has some great speed, some good laterals, and some other suprises. It's also very unique as the second drop is the biggest drop and the layout that it has is not common for a hyper coaster. But nevertheless, it is amazing. Phantom's Revenge. The Opera doesn't know what's coming to it.\
\
#??. Kumba @ Busch Gardens Tampa - Busch Gardens Tampa is a really awesome park. They have a fantastic coaster collection, with some of B&Ms best coasters, including Kumba. The best of the bunch and the one to make this list (though to be fair, all of them were on the list at one point). Now when you first look at Kumba, it looks fun. But it doesn't look special. It looks like your typical B&M standard layout. However, there's just one secret ingredient that really propels Kumba up the list from all the others. FORCE!!!! This may be one of the most forceful coasters ever. Seriously, this ride brings Montu down to the level of Silver Bullet and Talon. That's how strong the forces are on this ride. In fact, when I was riding Kumba Superman Style, I almost thought that my arm was going to come out of the socket in the heartline spin. That's how powerful this ride is. You don't hear me say that on any other coasters, now do you. Kumba. It learned to use the force.\
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 TOP 10 PARKS\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #?. Six Flags Magic Mountain - Located just in Valencia, CA, Six Flags Magic Mountain is pretty much my third home. (The first two being my home, and CSUN.) As the park that boasts the world record for most roller coasters in a theme park. So yeah, it gets the attention of roller coaster enthusiasts pretty damn quickly. Once Roadrunner Express and Green Lantern open, it will be home to 18 different roller coasters. 17 of which, you can ride. And Six Flags Magic Mountain isn't just some whore taking the title for the sake of the title, the roller coasters here are actually pretty damn good. In fact, one of them, X2, even made it on our Top 10 Steel Coasters List. And trust me, it's good to be in the Top 10 when you've ridden 222 different roller coasters. But just because it's not on the top 10 list doesn't mean it's a bad ride. Six Flags Magic Mountain is home to several other great roller coasters such as Goliath, Apocolypse, Riddlers Revenge, Tatsu, and many many more. So yeah. There's a lot here for roller coaster enthusiasts to make them go ga ga for Six Flags Magic Mountain. However, to me, Six Flags Magic Mountain is much more than just a bunch of roller coasters. It's my third home. I was practically raised here. Now when people hear this, they usually ask one of the two questions. A: "OMG!!!! You are so lucky!!!!!! My home park just consists of sh*tty rides!!!! You are so lucky!!!!! You must never need to travel or get bored!!!!!!" B: "Wow. You go to Six Flags Magic Mountain 12 times a year? OMG!!!! Don't you get sick of that place? If I rode those same roller coasters over and over again, I would get bored out of my mind. Arn't you sick of Magic Mountain? Haven't you had enough of it? It's the same thing over and over again!!" Well to answer the first question, No. Having Six Flags Magic Mountain as a home park is not the greatest thing ever, and of course I get bored of it and want to ride other stuff. So I do travel to other parks. There is no theme park that you would never treat as if it were your first time every single time. And to answer the second question, Of course not. I'm about as sick of Six Flags Magic Mountain as I am of my bed. Sure I go there all the time and it's not nearly as good as it was the first time, but it's still my bed and I sleep there every night, and Six Flags Magic Mountain is my home park, and I enjoy it every time I visit. All 12 or more times. While I do admit, the roller coasters do get old after riding them over and over, there are some perks to having Six Flags Magic Mountain as a home park. First off, I know this park with the back of my hand. I know all the secrets to get in all the credits at Six Flags Magic Mountain and know how the local crowds work. I also know where to eat, when to ride certain rides, and when to go and when to not go. Second off, with Six Flags Magic Mountain as my home park, I get to enjoy the park all throughout the year. I get to enjoy it for Halloween, I get to enjoy it for New Years Eve, and all sorts of other holidays that Six Flags Magic Mountain puts on events for. And to top it off, I have many childhood memories of Six Flags Magic Mountain, so that definetly helps the park for me. With Six Flags Magic Mountain as my home park, there's just so much more to the place than just a bunch of roller coasters. I get to experience Six Flags Magic Mountain all throughout time. There have been plenty of times where I have been angry at the park for making decisions that I don't like. Hell, I'm not too impressed with the park right now with their wild and crazy obsession for budget cuts. But as always, I still love and respect Six Flags Magic Mountain as my home park and as my home away from home. Six Flags Magic Mountain is my past, my present, my future, my daily escape from boring everyday life, my third home, and a fantastic park for any roller coaster enthusiast to visit.\
\
#?. Heide Park - Heide Park is a very interesting park. Its not like most traditional American Parks. Its got a very European feel to it. Not only in its theming and how everything in the park is decorated, but the way it is laid out is very similar to the other European Parks. All right. Hows the coaster selection? Very good. While I won't call it the greatest selection ever, it does have some really good coasters. Their wooden coaster Collosus is really freaking good. It even got the #5 spot on our Top 10 Wooden Coasters List. Its pretty much the German version of El Toro!!! =) It also has two steel coasters Krake and Desert Race. Krake may not be Sheikra, but its a cute ride and a ton of fun. Not to mention the theming is great. And Desert Race is a fun Rocket Coaster despite not going very high off the ground. And they are getting a B&M Wingrider for 2014 that looks fun. So yeah. You've got a Top 10 Wooden Coaster, some really good steel coasters, and no real horrible coasters. Not bad. But coaster selection isn't everything. There are a lot more things that make a really good park that you must take into account. And while I do really like the Heide Park coaster collection, there are a lot of parks with better coaster collections. So what makes Heide Park rise above all the others? Honestly, its just a really good and a really balanced park. Its coaster collection is balanced with high speeds and crazy ejector air on Collosus, steep drops on Krake, fast turns on Desert Race and a fun mild coaster with their Bobsled. Their flat ride collection is decent with all its flat rides plopped into a nicely themed corner to the old Mayan Civilizations. They have some really fun playgrounds that we had a lot of fun despite the rain and everything being wet. And everything is well themed. The theming on Krake is fantastic, I love everything you go through on Grottenblitz, and everywhere you go in Heide Park, there's just this really nice charm to it that I really like. The food in the park is really good. A lot better than the average park. Their maze is fun, even if its far from the best horror maze I've done, their Western Area is cool, and you can just wander around the place and be happy just for being in a place like Heide Park. And hell. The on-site hotel they have is really freaking good!!! One of the best I've been to!!! Its got a great pirate theme and its done really well!!! Definetly a really good park. Be sure to check it out whenever you're in Germany. \
\
#?. Universal Orlando Resort - Ok, I'm sure many of you guys were expecting this to be up near the list. People pretty much everywhere know of the Universal Orlando Resort. And hell, now even those who didn't know about it before know about it now now that the Harry Potter area now opened up. Now I don't know how Harry Potter Land is. I've heard mixed reviews of the area, so I'll just see for myself when I come back to the Universal Orlando Resort. But anyways, my last trip to Universal was pre-Harry Potter, so this whole judgement is pre-Harry Potter. But even before Harry Potter and everyone going crazy over Universal, it was a fantastic resort. Both parks are great and offer a lot for everyone to do. Like Busch Gardens Tampa 60 miles away, the Universal Orlando Resort has some world class coasters as well. They've got the Incredible Hulk, B&M's only launched coaster to date, and a fantastic B&M Looper. They've also got Dueling Dragons. Two really good B&M Inverts. They used to duel and interact with each other to make for one hell of a badass ride, but they stopped. =( F*CKING LAME!!!!!! But at least the two B&M Inverts are still very good on their own. Both the Incredible Hulk and Dueling Dragons bring some great thrills to the Universal Orlando Resort. But these aren't the only rollercoasters at the Universal Orlando Resort. Over at the Universal Studios Orlando park, they've got Revenge of the Mummy. Which in Florida, is actually a really really good roller coaster. And since my last visit, they added a new roller coaster to the Universal Orlando Resort. Rockit now peirces the skys of Universal Studios Orlando and from what I've read, is a fantastic roller coaster and ranks up with all of the other great roller coasters in Florida. But there's much much more to the Universal Orlando Resort. After all, I've said this a billion times. You can't be a Top 10 Theme Park soley based on your roller coaster collection. There must be more. And oh boy. There is a lot more at the Universal Orlando Resort. First off, they've got one of the greatest dark ride collections out there. Spiderman is one of the greatest dark rides on the face of the planet, and several other really good dark rides exist at the Universal Orlando Resort such as Men in Black, the Simpsons Ride, the Cat in the Hat ride, and many many more. Aside from this, they've also got some of the best water rides around. Dudly Doo Right Ripsaw Falls and Popeye and Bluto's Bilge-Rat Barges are claimed to be some of the greatest water rides in the entire world, and themeing here is fantastic. The theming for Marvel Superhero Island is fantastic, the theming for Lost Continent was awesome. Hopefully, the Harry Potter theming is just as good. And Universal Studios Orlando also has some nice theming. The Universal Orlando Resort, unlike it's California Cousin, is a fully developed world class park with many great rides. Totally worth the #5 spot on our Top 10 List.\
\
#? - Holiday World - Now I know what you're thinking when you first read this. How the hell can a park like Holiday World be better than a park like Six Flags Magic Mountain!!!!? I mean look at all those roller coasters Six Flags Magic Mountain!!!! Just look up and take a look at those roller coasters!!!! They look incredible!!!!! And there's 18 of them!!!! Count them!!!! 18 of them!!!! How the hell can a park like Holiday World be better than a park like Six Flags Magic Mountain!!!!? Well first off, do not underestimate Holiday World's roller coaster collection. There may only be 4 roller coasters in the park and the only steel coaster is the parks kiddy coaster. But don't let that fool you. This park has a pretty kickass rollercoaster collection. All 3 of their wooden coasters are really good. In fact, if you take a look at our Top 10 Wooden Coasters List, 2 of their 3 wooden coasters made the list. In fact, their star attraction, Voyage was awarded the #2 spot on our Top 10 Wooden Coasters List. So as you can clearly see, Holiday World's coaster collection is definetly something to be admired. However, to be fair to Six Flags Magic Mountain, their roller coasters are pretty damn impressive too. And while Voyage won the #2 spot on our Top 10 Wooden Coasters List, X2 at SFMM won the #2 spot on our Top 10 Steel Coasters List. So that cancels out the glory that Holiday World had for Voyage. So as you can tell, Six Flags Magic Mountain has a better roller coaster collection. But this is the Top 10 Theme Parks List. Not the Top 10 Roller coaster collection lists. If it was, it would be so easy and so predictable because it would be so obvious to see what they were, and that's why there will never be a Top 10 Roller Coaster Collections List. But that still doesn't explain why Holiday World is a better park than Six Flags Magic Mountain. Ok, to prove this, I want you to use your imaginations. I want you to picture both Six Flags Magic Mountain and Holiday World without any roller coasters. Imagine that X2, Voyage, Goliath, Tatsu, Riddlers Revenge, Raven, Apocolypse, Batman, Scream, Legend, and Viper are all wiped off the face of the earth and never existed. Now picture both parks. Well first off, Six Flags Magic Mountain barely has any flats at all and Holiday World has plenty of flats for everyone to enjoy, including a Double Shot. (SFMM really needs a drop tower.) Six Flags Magic Mountain doesn't even have a dark ride and Holiday World managed to get a shooting dark ride with a cute and unique story. While I do admit that Six Flags Magic Mountain has an excellent water ride collection that many parks should use as an example, they just didn't go quite as far as Holiday World did by adding Pilgrim's Plunge, which stands out as one of the more memorable and unique water rides. Plus their other water rides look decent. (I didn't actually ride them.) Holiday World is kicking Magic Mountain's ass in food big time as they have some pretty good food at Holiday World. And the free drinks thing, that scores you MAJOR points on the Incrediblecoasters System. I mean, it was 100 degrees when I was there, and I actually for once, felt fully hydrated thanks to the free drinks thing. Plus, I love Mtn Dew and drink it all the time. So Free Mtn Dew is awesome. So yeah. Holiday World kicks SFMM's ass in the food department. And the fact that Six Flags Magic Mtn bulldozed the only good resteraunt in the entire park really doesn't help their image in the food department. And while I really like Hurricane Harbor, Splashin Safari is just so much better. Much better slides, much bigger, much more for everyone to do. So yeah. If you don't get the picture of why Holiday World is better now, then you're a stupid EEEEEEDIOT!!!!!!! That's enough comparing Six Flags Magic Mountain to Holiday World for now. (Never thought I'd have to compare those two parks. It's like comparing apples to oranges.) So as you can see, Holiday World is a really good park. And as you can tell, it has a lot for everyone. And people know this. I mean they're not that stupid (yet). They know that Holiday World has something for them. And it shows. Families from the area go there all the time, and Holiday World is pretty popular with coaster enthusiasts as well. I didn't uncover a hidden secret mystery here. Coaster Enthusiasts love Holiday World. They love it for it's kickass wooden coasters, and all of the other stuff that I have mentioned here like the free soda, friendly atmosphere, and Splashin Safari, which also stands out as a great water park on it's own. Hell, they have a huge roller coaster enthusiast event called Holiwood Nights which attracts quite a lot of coaster enthusiasts. While there are some out there who arn't too fond of Holiday World, it's obvious that they're in the minority as Holiday World is a very popular park. And for good reasons. Holiday World. It's a great park that everyone can enjoy.\
\
#? - Cedar Point - Ok, I'm pretty sure that you all know about this place. Cedar Point. Constantly voted by roller coaster enthusiasts as the greatest theme park ever. And as you all know, with being nominated the best park ever comes with a heaping amount of overratedness. Many of you who constantly read the site will see me point this out. But while I disagree with the fact that Cedar Point is the greatest amusement park ever, I can easily see not only why people claim it is, but respect and agree with all the reasons while disagreeing with the statement. Pretty much everyone knows what Cedar Point is. While it's obviously not as popular as the Disneyland Resort, it is definetly the 2nd most well known park mentioned so far (It'll drop to 4th most well known park once we finish the list). Pretty much every roller coaster enthusiast knows about Cedar Point and has wet dreams about going there someday (Myself included back when I was 10 years old). But even aside from roller coaster enthusiasts, it seems like almost everyone in America knows about Cedar Point. I've heard several non-coaster enthusiasts who aren't from Ohio mention Cedar Point, a girl at Silver Dollar City noticed I was a roller coaster enthusiast and said to me "Isn't Cedar Point so much better than this place?", a kid in my Geometry Class claimed to have been to Cedar Point as well (I'm not sure if he actually went since he was the obnoxious gloats about everything kid, so he easily could've just been lying out of his ass, but even if he was, he still knew what Cedar Point was.), and finally, everytime I go on a big trip, someone will always say "That's great Kevin. Does this trip go to Cedar Point?" Everybody knows about this park. And it's not that hard to find out why. Roller coasters. Cedar Point is pretty much the roller coaster capital of the world. It has a sh*tload of roller coasters, and they are pretty damn good and pretty damn big as well. All of the Cedar Point Coasters are somewhat well known, but by far the most well known Cedar Point Roller Coasters are Top Thrill Dragster, Millenium Force, and Maverick. And while I do consider both Top Thrill Dragster and Millenium Force to be incredibly overrated, they still are really fun and are definetly above average roller coasters. And Maverick. Oh Man. Maverick is currently the best roller coaster ridden by Incrediblecoaster. Maverick is amazing. Maverick is sick. Maverick is f*cking insane. It's just awesome awesome awesome. Now while their roller coaster collection was a significant factor in me choosing Cedar Point for the #3 spot on this list, it wasn't the only reason I chose Cedar Point. Like I said earlier in the list, "This is the Top 10 Theme Parks List, not the Top 10 Roller Coaster Collections List". So what else makes Cedar Point such a great park? Well first off, Cedar Point has other stuff to do besides their roller coaster collection. For instance, Cedar Point has a fantastic flat ride collection. Skyhawk and Maxair are both great flat rides that are actually worth riding in a visit to Cedar Point. And even besides those major flat rides, Cedar Point has tons of other flat rides. They have a giant Space Shot/Drop Tower that blends straight in with the midway, and there are just countless other flats to ride. They have plenty of water rides to keep you cool, and hell, they also have an adjacent water park, as well as just several other cool things to do. And another thing that makes Cedar Point such a great park would be the staff. Now I know what you're thinking. "You bitch all the time about the Millenium Force Ride Operator. How can they have great staff when they have her?" While the Millenium Force Ride Operator is still a nasty vile bitch, she is by far in the minority. Most of the staff I encountered at Cedar Point were friendly, efficient, and did a fantastic job. And they give all of Cedar Point some of the best operations of any theme park. Seriously, everything at Cedar Point is a freaking people eater. They just run the park so damn well that it's amazing. That combinded with a great setting along Lake Erie makes Cedar Point worthy of the #3 spot on this countdown.\
\
#??. Kennywood - Now contrary to what some of you might think, Kennywood is not that big of a park. It's not very big and it's pretty old. But there's a reason that Kennywood is so old. It kicks major ass!!!! If it sucked, it would've closed many years ago. But Kennywood does anything but. This park is awesome. They've got quite a good roller coaster collection at Kennywood. Now it's not like Six Flags Magic Mountain with a bunch of roller coasters crammed into the park. But Kennywood does have the perfect balance in their roller coaster collection. As a very old park, they've got three very old wooden coasters to help keep a charm. But these rides arn't just old, they're pretty good rides as well. Thunderbolt has some pretty good laterals, Jackrabbit has one of the best moments of ejector air on a coaster, and as one of only 3 Mobious Racers in the world, Racer is a pretty fun ride as well. But not all the coasters at Kennywood are old like the park. Kennywood has plenty of new coasters as well as old coasters. They have an indoor themed spinning mouse, which while I never got to ride, looked very cool. They have Phantoms Revenge, an excellent hyper coaster that ranked grabbed a pretty good spot on our Top 10 Steel Coasters List. And since my last visit, they added Sky Rocket. This gave the park a coaster with a launch and inversions. So as you can see, Kennywood, though it doesn't have a staggering amount of coasters, managed to get a perfect balance in their coaster collection, having a good mix of old, new, launch, inversions, airtime, laterals, and fun. However, this perfect balance isn't just limited to the rollercoasters. Everything at Kennywood is perfectly balanced. Including the ratio of roller coasters to other attractions. Such as their flat ride collection. The park is very up to date in their flat ride collection, containing many modern flat rides such as Screamin Swings, Inverters, Diskos, and Intamin 2nd Generation Drop Towers. However, they also have many really old, rare, and unique flat rides. One example of such is the Kangaroo. Basically, you know those rides in Cartoons where the ride flys off the track only to land right back on the track and be perfectly fine. This is that ride. This is the real life version of that. (Except it's family friendly, much safer, and actually fun.) But that's not all for Kennywood. They've got some decent water rides, good dining with the Potato Patch. Those fries kick ass. Very few theme parks have places that offer French Fries as their very own meal. And then of course, we have Noah's Ark. This ride kicks ass. It is just so much fun. Now originally there were only two Noah's Arks in the world, but then Blackpool Pleasure Beach tore theirs down. Lame!!!! But now this leaves Kennywood with a real awesome ride. And all of this is surrounded by trees in a nice setting by a ravine in the middle of Pennsylvania. So check out Kennywood. They've got everything that is needed in a good day of fun at an amusement park, plus more in this park that knows how to master balancing old nostalgic rides with new and modern technology.\
\
#??. Mirabilandia - Located in Italy, this is a park should be on every roller coaster enthusiasts destination list. I'm not even saying if you're a theme park fan, you'll love Mirabilandia (though you will). If you're all about roller coasters only, Mirabilandia is still a park for you and is something that should be on your must visit list. Hey, this place isn't Cedar Point, Six Flags Magic Mountain, or Six Flags Great Adventure. What makes this place so special for roller coasters? Well they have not one, but TWO!!! TWO TOP 10 ROLLER COASTERS IN THE MIDDLE OF THEIR PARK!!! Yep. I've currently been on over 400 roller coasters and both Katun and Ispeed managed to crack my Top 10 Steel Coasters list. And not only are they both Top 10 worthy, but Ispeed is in the upper half, with its strong launch, extreme airtime, wicked fast turns, and intense as hell inversions. Its absolutely incredible and one of my favorite coasters. So yeah. Thats a really big plus for Mirabilandia. But there must be more. Surely they can't be able to be the best with just their incredible coasters, Katun and Ispeed. And yeah. There's more. This park has an absolute perfect balance of rides. And I mean PERFECT!!! They have insane roller coasters as I just mentioned, but they have a lot of kiddy coasters too. They have a nice family water coaster that isn't too intense, but is a ton of fun and does a great job of cooling you down in the hot Italian Heat. Yeah. I really do like Divertical. And they have plenty of other water rides, so you won't have to be hot. The food they have is really good, the shows they have sound really cool, and they even have some decent theming. Yeah. This amusement park actually has some good theming. I know that in Italy, Mirabilandia can't really compete in theming to Gardaland which is frequently called the Italian equivalent of Disneyland, and while Gardaland didn't quite make the cut for this list, I still really like the park. But Mirabilandia just has that balance. That brilliant beautiful perfect balance. It has everything you want in an amusement park and it certainly knows how to deliver. Its a fantastic park that I want to come back to as soon as I can. And I'm not just saying that for Ispeed (though that significantly helps too). Its just a really great really nice park.\
\
#??. Disneyland - Hey, Isn't this supposed to be "The Happiest Place on Earth?" Well, No. The Disneyland Resort is not the happiest place on Earth. But the simple truth is, there's no such thing as the Happiest Place on Earth. That is not something you can judge (Well, technically you can judge. It's just subjective. Kind of like how the Top 10 Theme Parks is also a subjective matter. And yet, here I am). But the Disneyland Resort is a damn good place to go. Now, I'm sure many of you know this, but for those who don't, Disneyland was the first ever modern amusement park. Yep. If it wasn't for the Disneyland Resort, many of the other amusement parks on this list as well as many other amusement parks not on this list would not have existed at all. So that's a big plus for the Disneyland Resort. And as for rides, I'm pretty sure we all know what rides Disneyland has. I mean, if some non roller coaster enthusiast was directed to this Top 10 List, he or she probably wouldn't know about the other parks mentioned earlier in the list unless he or she was from the area of these parks. However, this person probably DOES know about the Disneyland Resort and it's major attractions, no matter where they lived. Splash Mountain, Space Mountain, Thunder Mountain. None of these are Top 10 Coasters (Well, Splash Mtn isn't a coaster to begin with). However, they are all very famous rides that just about everyone around the world knows and loves. And while none of these rides are extreme or crazy, they are all very fun and enjoyable rides. And if you still need more intense rides, check out Indiana Jones, Guardians of the Galaxy, Radiator Springs Racers, or California Screamin. However, the Disneyland Resort are home to far more things than just the Mountains. And yep. People know about this stuff as well. If there's one thing at the Disney Parks people know about besides the Mountains, it's the dark rides. This park practically gave birth to dark rides. There are more dark rides within the Disneyland Resort than there are in every Six Flags and Cedar Fair park combined. If you're doing all the Disney Parks, then you've got yourself an avalanche of dark rides. And while not every single Disney Dark Ride is amazing or fantastic, they are pretty much all fun rides. Most of the Disney Dark Rides can be categorized into many different categories. First, we've got our Fantasyland Dark Rides. These are pretty much *THE* original dark rides. The rides that started Disneyland. Everyone knows these rides. Peter Pan. Snow White. Pinnochio. Dumbo. They've known all around the world. Kids worldwide know of these rides. However, there are other Fantasyland Style Dark Rides in Disneyland that aren't in Fantasyland. Pooh, Monsters Inc., and I suppose if you really want to stretch it, Buzz would be considered Fantasyland Dark Rides as they all contain the same typical elements of a Fantasyland Dark Ride. And of course, everyone knows about this famous Disney Dark Ride. It's a Small World. Anyways, onto the other Disney dark rides everyone knows about. You'll recognize these dark rides based off the movies that Hollywood made out of them. And while all of these dark rides themselves are really good, The movies made out of them however, are a mixed bag. Pirates of the Caribbean was actually a decent movie that worked (until the stupid sequels came). However, most of the film spin offs of Disney Dark Rides are total pieces of sh*t. The Haunted Mansion movie was just abysmal and I truly dread what a Jungle Cruise Movie will be like. (Yes, Disney really did <a href="http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0870154/?ref_=ttmc_mc_tt">sink that low</a>). And then there are the other Disney Dark Rides such as Toy Story Mania, Indiana Jones, and Radiator Springs which are just plain awesome. However, while I do appreciate these parks for their famous mountain attractions and for giving birth to the concept of the dark ride and being the crown jewel of dark rides (Well, Disneyland at least), it's only one of the reasons I gave the #10 spot to the Disneyland Resort on this countdown. Well aside from the fact that I'm a Disney Fan (of the actual Disney Stuff. None of the obnoxious sell out crap they've coming up with recently. Seriously, please stop with the god damn live action remakes), the Disneyland Resort has some of the best operations and service ever. The way the Disneyland Resort is run makes most other parks look like Mt. Olympus in comparison. They really do put that much effort into them. For instance, most of the dark rides run a sh*tload of trains and have operations flying through them. Hell, a few of their dark rides such as the Haunted Mansion and the Little Mermaid Dark Ride have constantly moving cars. The entire track is filled with constantly moving cars. That obviously makes for great capacity. And as for the coasters, Space Mtn runs like 20 cars of 12, that each cycle the course many many times. The point is, Space Mtn is a f*cking people eater. Thunder Mtn runs 3 trains and each train holds about 40 guests, California Screamin runs 6 trains that hold about 32 people, and I think you get the message. Disney kicks major ass when it comes to capacity. The staff always seems to be friendly, and many of the rules are just more relaxed and more friendly to the guests. For instance, most parks nowadays are Anti-POV. Disney however, is not only POV Friendly, but they'll actually encourage you to take a POV! (Oh, and please don't say that Disneyland can be POV Friendly because they don't have any big rides because that's bullcrap. You could take any of the rides in Disneyland to a Six Flags or Cedar Fair and I guarantee you that they'd have a No POV Policy). And not only that, but the Disneyland Resort is one of the few parks anywhere where you can actually film your on ride photo. Now that's a little touch that I really appreciate. It's just a part of that Disney magic that they're trying to recreate. And yeah. They should be creating that, as this is one of the most famous theme parks in the world. And considering how much you're f*cking paying for it, they better be putting in touches like that. But yeah. They always try and go above and beyond. To stand out above the crowd. To be an innovator. So yeah. As you can see, the Disneyland Resort definitely deserves its place as one of the Top 10 Theme Parks.\
\
#??. Busch Gardens Tampa - Located in Tampa, which is just an hour away from Orlando, Busch Gardens isn't the type of park that can just appeal to locals and not do much and still have people be satisfied because they don't know about any other parks. Busch Gardens assures a good time for everyone and really tries hard to have a high quality park. And considering that tourists from Orlando make the trek over to Tampa just so that they can visit Busch Gardens, I'd say that they were pretty damn successful park. And just like all of the other parks on the list, Busch Gardens Tampa has a very good roller coaster collection. While it's not a humongous roller coaster collection like a Six Flags or Cedar Fair park, it's still a decent sized collection. And like with many of the other parks on the list, Busch Gardens Tampa features a Top 10 Coaster in its line up. Kumba is in the <a href="Top10SteelCoasters.html">Top 10 Steel Coasters</a>. And not only do they have a Top 10 Coaster, but they have other fantastic coasters, Montu and Sheikra, are some of B&Ms finest creations, and previously on that Top 10 Steel Coasters List. So you can totally see some of the things we at Incrediblecoasters like about Busch Gardens Tampa. But there must be more. Surely they can't be able to compete with all the Orlando Parks with just these amazing coasters. There must be more to this park!!! You bet your fiery ass there's more to Busch Gardens Tampa. For those who don't know, Busch Gardens Tampa is owned by Blackstone. And Blackstone also owns Sea World Orlando. So as you can imagine, the two parks work together. While Sea World Orlando functions as an aquarium as well as an amusement park, featuring many sea creatures like killer whales, dolphins, manta rays, and other sea creatures, Busch Gardens Tampa features land animals within the park. So yeah. This park also doubles as a zoo. And that is a pretty big plus. That it a pretty big f*cking plus in my book. If you ever have to decide "Should I go to the Amusement Park, or should I go to the Zoo?" Well you don't have to make that choice if you live in Florida, since you can just do both and go to Busch Gardens Tampa (Oh, and if you ever need to make this choice and don't live in Florida, unless there's some horribly crowded event going on that makes the park look like <a href="http://www.incrediblecoasters.com/crowds2.jpg">this</a>, ALWAYS pick the amusement park over the zoo). And it's not a crappy zoo either. It's a pretty kick ass zoo!!! In fact, within my Busch Gardens Footage, I have footage of a tour within the park that shows people petting giraffes. That's pretty f*cking cool. But there's also more to Busch Gardens Tampa than just a Top 10 Coaster, many other amazing B&Ms, and a zoo. The park has a great African Theme that really helps contribute to the animals and the coasters. They aren't just plopped down in random places, everything fits together. So yeah. A well themed that not only has a Top 10 Coaster, but also hosts a kickass zoo that includes petting giraffes, hell yeah. Busch Gardens Tampa totally deserves the #9 spot on this list.\
\
#?? - 
\f2 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All right. First up is Knoebels Grove. Now already, there are probably a lot of heads exploding. WHAT!!? A PARK LIKE KNOBELS!!? HOW THE HELL IS THAT ON THE TOP 10 THEME PARKS LIST!!! THIS MAKES THE LIST WHILE OTHER MUCH MORE FAMOUS PARKS ARE NOT!!? Well, yeah. Knobels is really freaking good. And I'm not doing it based on fame, and how popular these parks are with foreigners. Plus, I know some people that are pissed I put it on there at all. So people are unhappy with me on both fronts for that. But anyways, let's actually talk about Knoebels. Now Knoebels isn't that similar to most U.S Parks. Hell, I'd dare even say there are a couple similarities between the European Parks. It very much has a European vibe. They all have a decent flat ride collection, with some of them being great, and all of them have helpful employees and good operations. It's all here at Knoebels. Now of course, there are some major differences like atmosphere and theming, but they're all good. Phoenix is simply one of the best wooden coasters of all time. It's just insane, everyone loves it, it has crazy ejector air, and I'm not alone in saying this. Take a look at just about any Top 10 Wooden Coaster list, and Phoenix will almost always be on there. And their other wooden coaster, Twister, while it's not Top 10 worthy, is still a hell of a lot of fun and provides riders with a very fun experience. The flat rides here kick ass and combine old nostalgia with new technology, and everyone at Knoebels is wearing a smile on their face, providing you with a great time. But like I said earlier, many of the parks here will contain Top 10 Coasters, a great flat ride collection, and extremely friendly staff. So what makes Knoebels stand out enough to still make the list? Well, the things are small since this is a fairly small park. But they really do make a difference. For instance, the flat ride collection. All these parks have a great flat ride collection that strikes a perfect balance between old and new. But at Knoebels, they go a step further by not only striking a great balance, but making sure that the common place stuff is the very best of their kind. Their carousel still has gold rings, their bumper cars are made of fiberglass to ensure bigger collisions (That's quite a badass thing to do. Especially since many bumper cars have the idiotic One Way Rule). And people always call the Knoebels Flyers to be some of the best flyers out there. So that's one way Knoebels is better. I also particuarly like the isolation. Now it's kind of annoying to get to thanks to all the windy roads. But at the park, it's very cool. Kind of relaxing. Just tucked away in the forests of Pennsylvania. So yeah. You won't be able to walk down to some resteraunt for lunch like I frequently do at Six Flags Magic Mountain. But you really don't need to. The food here is much better than most places. But what really awards Knoebels the #8 spot are the prices. THIS PLACE IS CHEAP!!!!! I mean cheap. It's really cheap. First off parking and park admission is free. So that's really cool. You pay for rides via ticket system. And the tickets themselves are really really cheap!!!! In fact, they're so cheap that they are possibly an even better deal than the all day wristband (This ONLY happens at Knoebels. This ONLY ONLY ONLY happens at Knoebels. NO OTHER PARK OR FAIR HAS TICKETS THIS CHEAP!!!!!). And the food is really cheap too!!! It's almost fast food cheap!! And that says a lot. In fact, the food at Knoebels is actually less expensive than some Fast Food places. So yeah. That's what really pushes Knoebels onto the Top 10 Theme Parks List. Knoebels. It's the best possible bang for your buck.\
\
\
?? - Lagoon - All right. Up next is Lagoon. Now much like with Knoebels, the same heads that lit on fire over how high I ranked Knoebels, are also losing their sh*t over how high I'm placing Lagoon. Hell, even a lot of coaster enthusiasts who wouldn't bat an eye on me putting Knoebels on the list as the park sort of has a cult status among the coaster enthusiast community, may be surprised that Lagoon is on this list. This is partially because Lagoon is not a very visited park due to the fact that its located in Salt Lake City, which is NOT a roller coaster destination by any means. So what is it? What makes this not-nearly visited enough park so great? Well, everything. Its just a fantastic park!!! Its roller coaster collection, while not home to any Top 10 Roller Coasters, certainly host some very fun and unique coasters. Cannibal is certainly fantastic, and yeah. There's nothing like it. It's totally its own unique thing. I know to this day, there is not a single other coaster out there even remotely close to Wicked. And thats a real shame, because I thought that Wicked was a really good coaster. A fun launch, fun vertical drop, lots of hangtime in the Heartline Spin, and all the turns in the second half. I really want more Wickeds out there in the world. And they've also got a Schwarzkoph Double Loop. These rides are sadly starting to become rare, so I really appreciate Collosus being at Lagoon. And all the other coasters at Lagoon are fun. Jet Star II is another fun and rare Schwarzkoph, Roller Coaster is a fun, and underrated wooden coaster, and everything else is just a blast. Not a single bad coaster in Lagoon's entire roller coaster collection. But coaster selection isn't everything. There are a lot more things that make a really good park that you must take into account. And man, oh man. Lagoon does NOT dissapoint. I can't think of a single category that Lagoon is doing poorly in. I can't even think of a single category they're doing just ok in. Lagoon is pretty much excelling in just about EVERY category!!! Their flat ride collection is fantastic, hosting so many different types of flat rides. Not only do they have one of the best flat rides out there, a Top Scan, but they also have an Air Race (awesome ride!!), S&S Tower, a funky split Top Spin, an enterprise (which is the only U.S enterprise I've ridden that wasn't weakened), a Rock-O-Plane, a ferris wheel with spinning teacup cars (they don't spin well, but its still awesome), and many other flat rides. The dark rides at Lagoon are cheesy, but they're fun cheesy. The kind you ride, still have fun on, and can enjoy. The rapids ride, is just FANTASTIC. It doesn't have any crazy drops or anything, but it does get you SOAKED with all these waterfalls and rapids. And on top of that, its just beautiful, taking you through a butterfly garden as well. So you can really appreciate the beauty as you're dripping with water. And the atmosphere of this park. Good god. I love the atmosphere of this park. They preserve their history in the Pioneer Village, which is really sweet to look at. Its quite literally like being transported back to the 1800s. Really makes me wish other parks could do as good of a job as Lagoon does. And hell, to a certain extent, Lagoon is also an animal park. Yeah, there are lots and lots of animals here at Lagoon. Everyone is super friendly, the operations are top notch, and its just a fantastic FANTASTIC park. Please, PLEASE come visit Lagoon. One of the most underrated parks out there. =)
\f3\fs36 \cf4 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 TOP 10 FLAT RIDES\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #17. Power Surge @ Knoebels - Though a fairly new flat ride, the Zampera Power Surge has made its way to several amusement parks around the world. I may have only been on the one at Knoebels, but that's enough for me to say that this ride kicks ass. Though I wouldn't say it's becoming an amusement park staple, it is getting spread around quickly like a virus. And for good reasons. It's small, portable, cheap, and very crazy looking, so that it catches park guests eyes. And it rides as crazy as it looks. The ride both spins and flips on different axises, so as you can imagine, it can really throw you around in many different directions. You never really know when you're going to flip and just what direction you are going in. It's just pure craziness. Though on the downside, it is a rather short ride. But oh well. It's still awesome. Power Surge, gaining lots of power in the department of flat rides.\
\
#16. Tak Attack @ Nickelodeon Universe - Located at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America, Tak Attack is the last type of flat ride you'd expect to find in a giant mall. It's freaking huge!!!! And yet, they put it inside a giant mall. It barely fits and touches the top of the 10 story mall, but it fits. And of course, it is awesome. This giant flat ride takes you up to the ceiling of the mall, and then flips you around slowly as you flip around a giant mall, getting an upsidedown birds eye view of the rest of Nickeloden Universe, and countless stores where Americans blow their money on stupid sh*t. Unlike the Power Surge however, this is a very rare flat ride and Tak Attack is the only one left in America. However, there were only 3 in America to begin with. One was at Six Flags America, and the other was at Knotts Berry Farm!!!! Yep. Oh, I remember Hammerhead. Such good memories of that ride. (Consider that to also share the #9 spot with Tak Attack). Unfortunetly, Knotts Berry Farm took that out for Riptide, which is NOT a Top 10 Flat Ride. (Don't expect to see any Top Spins on this list.) But yeah. Tak Attack is still here and here to stay. Tak Attack. Part of a dying breed.\
\
#15. Screamin Swings @ Various Different Parks - Located at various different parks around the world, S&S Screamin Swings are quickly becoming a very popular breed of flat rides. The concept of the ride itself is very simple. IT'S A GIANT SWING!!!!!!! If you ever liked swinging on the swingset as a kid, then you'll like an S&S Screamin Swing. This is basically the adult version of that. Now I will admit that this isn't nearly as intense as the other flat rides on this list, or nearly as crazy. But it is just so much fun that it fits right in. And after all, fun is the main reason to ride a flat ride. And because of how cloned this ride is, you don't have to book a flight anywhere to check it out. You should find one somewhat nearby to your home park, even if it's the small little upcharge kind. It may cost you an extra $5, but it's still a Screamin Swing. Screamin Swings, a little peice of nostalgia in your home park.\
\
#14. Shockwave @ Canada's Wonderland - Located in the flat ride capital of the world, Shockwave is just another one of many crazy and great flat rides at Canada's Wonderland, however, it is probably the most insane flat at the park. Shockwave is a Mondial Top Scan, and unlike a Huss Top Spin, ususally gives you a wild and crazy ride. And Shockwave certainly does that. It spins fast, and flips furiously, giving you both laterals, and positive Gs, a really good combination. Now there's not to say that there aren't plenty of other flat rides like Shockwave out there, but Shockwave is not only crazy, but it's perfectly smooth!!! Other rides that do the same kind of manuevers have you leaning into the restraints the whole time and try to slide you over the seat divider, leaving you sitting on the seat divider, not very comfortable. But not Shockwave. It's just pure bliss. Now I've heard from some people that Shockwave is actually a lame Top Scan and that it's nothing compared to other Top Scans. Now I don't know if this is true, but I certainly hope it is. Because if the lamest Top Scan is this good, how good must the good ones be?\
\
# 13. Spin Out @ California Traveling Fairs - \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Located as part of the California Traveling Fair System, Spin Out is a flat ride where you don't even need words. No need to say stuff like "Spin Out is...uh....umm...." Just look at it and your eyes will see crazy for itself. It is just literally spinning around upsidedown. So for anyone who doesn't get enough blood to their head (which is the entire roller coaster community right now), then a ride on Spin Out will fix that for you. You literally hang upsidedown while spinning for like 30 seconds. Though Spin Out isn't just a teacup ride upsidedown. It also rotates and moves you get a good flow of up and down and actually flipping instead of just hanging and upsidedown spinning. While there is some mild discomfort as you will be hanging in the restraints, but considering all that's happening, it is totally worth it. It's an insane flat ride that you should get on whenever you see it at your local fair. Spin Out. The Ventura County Fair obviously must 've made a mistake when getting their flat rides because no sane fair would willfully reject Spin Out. (Wait, did I just expect the Ventura County Fair to actually be sane?)\
\
#12. Experience @ California Traveling Fairs - Located as part of the California Traveling Fair System, Experience is one of those flat rides that looks crazy and rides even crazier. It spins and it spins fast. And it flips. Its all a big blur of spinning and flipping as you tumble around in flat ride nirvana. Actually, the best way for me to describe Experience is that its pretty much a tamer version of a flat ride that you'll see much higher up on the list. So I don't want to talk too much about what this does. Just keep in mind how crazy I already described it. Now picture something much crazier. Keep reading and the answer will be revealed. But for now, Experience. Its an absolutely insane experience =) (Yeah, Yeah Yeah. I know that joke sucked).\
\
#11. Air Race @ Various Different Parks - Once a rare and unique novelty ride, these rides have spread like the plague across the world throughout the 2010s. And for good reason. These rides are freaking AWESOME!!! It generally has you in planes (though some parks decide to go with a different theme) that first just start to spin. Then they start to spin pretty damn fast, almost like a scrambler plane. And then, out of nowhere, you just start to flip, doing constant corkscrews in the air, never stopping, and never failing to put a smile on your face. It's just insane. You go from some decent laterals, to just some really strong positive Gs as you just start to flip. And of course, the plane theming only adds to it, making it seem more like you're a kamikaze flyer, flying through the sky doing constant corkscrews. What more do I need to say. Air Race is a kickass ride and one of the best flat rides ever. Definitely check it out at any of the theme parks it's managed to find a home at, and hopefully that'll just be growing more in the future.
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 TOP 10 DARK RIDES\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #??. Noah's Ark @ Kennywood - Now I know what many people are thinking. "You can't put Noah's Ark on this list!!!! It's not a dark ride!!!! It's a walk through!!! Walk throughs don't count as dark rides!!! They're walk throughs!!!!!" Well, here on Incrediblecoasters, we count walk throughs as Dark Rides. So just accept it. Anyways, Noah's Ark is awesome. Operating since 1936, Noah's Ark is a Kennywood Classic and is just a ton of fun to go through and experience. After taking an elevator that gives a simulation of crashing, you then walk around and go through many special effects that while not amazing by any means, in fact, many of these effects are really crappy, but going through with a good group of people will just keep you laughing as you experience Noah's Ark. Now there used to be two Noah's Ark rides in the world, but Blackpool Pleasure Beach took theirs out. F*CKING LAME!!!!!! =( But oh well. The one at Kennywood still lives on for people to enjoy. Noah's Ark. Still here to accept the #9 spot.\
\
#??. Frankenstein's Castle @ Indiana Beach - Now like Noah's Ark, Frankenstein's Castle is yet another walk through. (Like I said earlier, I really really love walk throughs.) However, unlike Noah's Ark, Frankenstein's Castle is a walk through. While this may discourage a lot of people from going inside it, just go for it. This dark ride is well worth the money and is one of the best walk throughs in the world. Though I was broke, I still had to do it and get a loan. (David, I owe you $5.00) While Noah's Ark is cheesy and is good for a few laughs, Frankenstein's Castle is confusing, misleading, and actually kind of creepy, which makes it really cool. And if you thought that those $5.00 only got you a few minutes of entertainment, think again. I was in here for about 15 minutes. Maybe I'm just a slow poke, but dammit, going through it was awesome. Frankenstein's Castle. Worth the money and the #8 spot.\
\
#16. Haunted Mansion @ Disneyland Resort - Located in the happiest place on earth, Haunted Mansion is a Disney Classic that just about everyone around the world knows about. Hell, they even made a peice of sh*t movie based on this dark ride, and of course, the theme song Grim Grimming Ghosts is a popular tune that many people know about. Now many people may be wondering why I specifically put the California Haunted Mansion and not the Florida one? Well, I consider the California Haunted Mansion to be the better version. While many may claim that Florida's is better due to the extra rooms, really, all those extra rooms show is what California shows during it's walkthrough section. And I just really like walk throughs. So the fact of California's having a walk through helps. The stretching room effect also works better when the elevator goes down rather than up. And while this really doesn't effect the ride at all, I prefer the New Orleans look of the California Haunted Mansion to the American Brick look of the Florida Haunted Mansion. I still like the Florida Haunted Mansion, and would give it the #11 spot, but here, California takes the cake. Haunted Mansion. It's just dying to grab the #10 spot.\
\
#15. Phantom Manor @ Disneyland Paris Resort - \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Located in Disneyland Paris, Phantom Manor is the French Equivelant of the Dinsey Classic, Haunted Mansion. Just about everyone around the world knows about it. Hell, they even made a peice of sh*t movie based on this dark ride, and of course, the theme song Grim Grimming Ghosts is a popular tune that many people know about. And I will admit without a doubt, this is by far the best Haunted Mansion that Disney has put out. Why? Because this one just has so much more to it!!! I mean, I love the California and Florida Haunted Mansions, but this just blows them out of the water. There's much more to this ride. And I don't just mean random rooms. This one actually has a freaking story to it!!! A real genuine story. The house is being haunted by an old bride who commits suicide because her asshole husband got greedy running the Thunder Mtn Mining Company. Yeah, they tie this to Thunder Mtn, and it is awesome for that. And she is haunting their old house after her suicide as revenge on the dude. That alone is a much better story than the pathetic excuse they had with the Eddie Murphy movie. What dipsh*t screenwriter came up with that!? So yeah. Check out Phantom Manor next time you're at Disneyland Paris. You're just dying to see it. =)\
\
#14. Mission Space @ Walt Disney World Resort - Located right in the heart of Epcot at the Walt Disney World Resort, Mission Space is a simulator in which people head over to Mars. Technically, there are two versions of Mission Space you can do at Epcot. The Green Version, and the Orange Version. Now I'm only talking about the Orange Version here, so if you only did the Green Version, it doesn't count as a Top 10 Dark Ride. But anyways, Mission Space is definitely a simulator that I just really really really like, and there are many reasons for it. First off, I love the theme. I would love to go to Mars, and since stupid reality won't let me go for real, I have to settle for the next best thing. Riding Mission Space. Though one does ask the question, why aren't we colonizing any of the land? I mean, we travelled all the way to f*cking Mars, and we're not even going to claim the land? Oh well. I also really like the fact that this simulator is a lot more realistic than most other simulators. The spinning motion produces G Forces to simulate the launch, and the fact that you're assigned certain topics makes it much more interesting. Mission Space. The alternative to your shattered dreams of visiting Mars.\
\
#13. Forbidden Journey @ Universal Studios Hollywood - \cf3 All right. Now this dark ride has become extremely popular. It's been spreading like wildfire at all the Universal parks because of the Harry Potter fetish that they have. And while I'm not a huge fan of Harry Potter. It's a good franchise. I liked the books, and the movies were pretty good. But I'm just not a Potterhead like the rest of my family. I'm the one who likes Harry Potter the least. And believe me. I can go on about how the Harry Potter obsession has damaged the Universal parks (Don't get me started on Universal Orlando. DON'T GET ME F*CKING STARTED ON WHAT HARRY POTTER DID TO THAT F*CKING PARK!!!). But while I can complain a lot about the effect that Harry Potter has had on the Universal parks, one positive change is that it gave us Forbidden Journey. I mean...this dark ride uses Robot Arm technology! It uses the exact same technology that is used on Knights Tournament. So the fact that it uses the same technology that gave us a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.incrediblecoasters.com/Top10FlatRides.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc5 Top 10 Flat Ride}} is impressive enough. Now don't go in expecting Level 5 flipping. You won't get it. It's fairly mild. However, Forbidden Journey did do one thing that no other ride, of any kind (Roller Coaster, Dark Ride, Flat Ride, etc) has been able to do. It actually made me feel nauseous. I don't know how that's possible! It's FAR from the craziest thing I've ever rode. The motion is pretty mild by Robot Arm standards. But somehow, it did it! The ride itself is a big mish mash of Harry Potter, having you fly through a Quidditch Match, fight off Dementors, and get attacked by the Whomping Willow that appears in the Chamber of Secrets when Harry & Ron crash the flying car into it. It's a fun little mesh for the Potterhead in you. Forbidden Journey. Magic may not be real, but this ride is still a lot of fun.\
\
#12. Maus au Chocolat @ Phantasialand - While there sadly aren't very many rides that are using the Toy Story Mania technology, the ones that are are absolutely incredible. Take Maus au Chocolat @ Phantasialand in Germany. This ride is just absolutely fantastic. Its not really a shooting dark ride as you're not shooting as much as just shooing out all of the mice in the bakery (Sorry Remy). And yeah. I really like that theme. Its all really well done and is actually a challenge. Yeah, my score sucked on this ride. But I honestly don't care. Its just so much fun a you're out in all the rooms getting rid of all the hungry hungry mice. And to make all this even better, the entire ride smells like a bakery. So not only are you spinning around shooting all these mice, but during the entire time, you're craving some delicous German baked goods. I just love it. Maus au Chocolat. A fantastic ride and one of the few I gotta thank for using the Toy Story Mania technology. And hey. Speaking of Toy Story Mania...\
\
#11, Toy Story Mania @ Disneyland Resort - Yeah, THIS DARK RIDE KICKS MAJOR ASS!!!!!! I love it!! I love this technology on Maus au Chocolat @ Phantasialand (which was a Top 10 Dark Ride until other amazing dark rides knocked it down to the #11 spot) and I also love it here! While one may simply look at Toy Story Mania and expect a typical shooting dark ride, but it's nothing like a shooting dark ride. I wouldn't even classify Toy Story Mania as a shooting dark ride, because just like on Maus au Chocolat, you're not shooting. The closest you ever come to shooting would be throwing darts at virtual balloons, but I don't consider that to be shooting. Now I know I've said this like a bazillion times, but Toy Story Mania is like Playing Wii Play while wearing Nerdy Glasses in a spinning office chair. Many of the games totally remind me of Wii Play Games. And yes, I really do like Wii Play. It's much better than most popular games. Because I may be crazy for thinking this, but I'd much rather play pool or race someone on a cow while jumping hurdles than stealing a car or killing someone. And even when you're not playing the games, it's still a hell of a lot of fun because when going from one screen to another, you get a lot of fun spinning action, which while not too intense for other people, is enough to make me smile and have it stand out from just boringly move, which is where the office chair comes in. The games are fun, the spinning is fun, and everyone can ride it together. Toy Story Mania. It's like playing Wii Play with Toy Story Characters in nerdy glasses while spinning around in an office chair.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 TOP 10 WATER RIDES\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #13. River Blast @ Silver Dollar City - \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is a very different type of water ride. It's not like any of the other water rides on this list where you see cool stuff and go down a fun drop. There are no drops on this water ride at all. For River Blast is in fact, a splash battle. There are no drops on Splash Battles or anything like that. That's not what the ride was meant to do. What the ride is meant for you to do, is to just shoot other people on the ride with water while they're shooting you. It's just tons and tons of fun. Now I don't really like to get wet, so a splash battle isn't really my type of ride. But with all the theming, the attitude, the heat, and other people having fun, you just have a ball as you just shoot them with water while getting shot with water yourself. Man, it's just so much fun. River Blast. Good enough for the #7 spot (Hey Pink Sweater Girl, wanna take a ride on River Blast?). =)
\f3\fs36 \cf4 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
#11. Log Chute @ Nickelodeon Universe - Formally known as the Paul Bunyan Log Ride, one might see a lot of similarities to this and Timber Mtn Log Ride at Knotts Berry Farm. And aside from both being fun rides and having similar themes, they have nothing in common. Timber Mtn Log Ride may have a fun drop and all, but the one here is not only big, but it is fast. Really fast. I don't know why, but it is just really fast. And while I do enjoy the Timber Mtn Log Ride Theme, Log Chute just has some things that aren't there on Timber Mtn Log Ride. For instance, the big bottle of Knotts Syrup. That's something Knotts Berry Farm should totally have. I mean, if Nickelodeon Universe can advertise your jelly, so can you!!! And plus, there's the Hooters at the end of the light. And while it's dissapointing that there really is no Hooters, it's still cool to have the tease. And of course, the fact that you can't even tell that it's in a mall is really really cool. Log Chute. It may not have Hooters, but it does have the #9 spot on this countdown.\
\
#10. Timber Mountain Log Ride @ Knotts Berry Farm (RE-ADMITTED INTO THE TOP 10 LIST) - One of the first rides to appear in Knotts Berry Farm when it was becoming a theme park, Timber Mtn Log Ride isn't some carnival mounted log ride that you see traveling around in many fairs or not well themed theme parks. It may not be Splash Mountain, but it's got some decent theming. In the second half of the ride, there's some sort of logging theme as well as an old western theme, which is really cool. You see a starry night and some trees. You can hear a coyote howling, you try to find him so you can eat him and not pay $10.00 to upgrade to a combo for lunch. It's a really fun theme. And you not only have the main big drop at the end, but there's also a surprise drop in the middle, that's really fun. Timber Mtn Log Ride. Much better than your average log ride.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 TOP 10 WATER SLIDES\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #??. Taboo Tower @ Six Flags Magic Mountain - Located right in Six Flags Hurricane Harbor, which is right next door to Six Flags Magic Mountain, Taboo Tower is actually three water slides in one water slide complex. And every single water slide located on Taboo Tower is awesome. Secret Passage is awesome and has some really crazy laterals and even has an unofficial Maverick Turn. Escape Chute has some nice airtime and Daredevils Plunge is a fun drop slide, plus the indoor part on top is also pretty fun. And to make things better for all of them, since it's a complex, everyones waiting in line, but since there's 3 slides, the line moves fast, that is unless you pick the slide everyone else picked, but then it's your damn fault. What more to say other than it's three awesome slides on 1 awesome slide complex. Taboo Tower. To not like it is one of the worst taboos of all.\
\
#??. Venom Drop @ Six Flags Magic Mountain - Also located at Six Flags Hurricane Harbor, Venom Drop is another drop slide, so it's very similar to Daredevil's Plunge of Taboo Tower. The only difference is that this is much better. Venom Drop is bigger, totally open, and doesn't have any pre drop stuff. It just drops. And this scares most people. While Taboo Tower is very popular and usually has a long line, Venom Drop usually does not, and you don't have to wait at all. Don't be fooled by the line. That's for Twisted Fang & Coiled Cobra. (Both pieces of sh*t BTW.) Everyone else is too afraid to ride Venom Drop, so when you finally do ride Venom Drop, a crowd usually forms to cheer you on while usually saying to themselves "OMG!!! I can't believe someone is actually going to do this!!!!" Then everyone stares at you with wide open eyes as you slide down. And it's much bigger than any other drop slide in Southern California despite what many people say. *cough* Raging Waters *cough* So you really feel the speed on this one. Venom Drop. Separating the men and women from the RCT Peeps since it opened.\
\
#?? - Cobra & Wipeout @ Wild Rivers - Located at Wild Rivers (Be prepared to get used to this), Cobra & Wipeout are two very interesting water slides. While there are a few minor differences as Wipeout is a rubber slide and has the water tank start, while Cobra does not and is a body slide. But they both give you a similar ride, so I put them on the same list. Do you like laterals? If not, then don't bother with either of these slides as both of these water slides are VERY lateral heavy slides. Hell, you actually feel like you're going to flip over in parts and actually go up 90 degrees for part of the slide. And these rides are FAST!!!! You simply fly down all of these turns. No time to take a break or anything. You're just going to be hauling down these slides and you won't stop until you slide into the exit pool. Cobra & Wipeout. I've got nothing else to say for either of these, so let's just say they kick ass and move on.\
\
#?? - Surf Hill @ Wild Rivers - Located at Wild Rivers, Surf Hill may look like just an ordinary racing water slide on the outside, but it's not an ordinary racing slide at all. This is anything but an ordinary racing slide. While normal racing water slides consist of many small humps that you race down until you have a winner declared at the bottom, but here, it's just three big humps. And on Surf Hill, it's a lot of fun. At the bottom of the final hump, your mat stays right there at the bottom, but you don't. You just keep going till you stop quite a few feet from your mat. So that may not be crazy or intense, but it sure is a hell of a lot of fun. And while some of you may get stuck on the straightaways leading to the giant humps, which sucks for you, but is really great for everyone watching so they can have fun laughing at you. So yeah. This may not be an intense slide, but it sure is fun and worth the #7 spot on our countdown. Surf Hill. Just don't grow too attached to your mat right there.\
\
#?? -Speed Slides @ Raging Waters San Dimas - Located at Raging Waters, the Speed Slides are the real hidden gem at Raging Waters, and is the only Raging Waters slide to make it on the list. While most people think of something like Dr. Von Dark, Dropout, Dragons Den, or High Extreme to be the best water slide, they've got nothing on Speed Slides. I mean, all of those are fun and all, but none of them are worthy of being on this Top 10 List. Speed Slides however, while not getting much attention, is a truly insane water slide. Aside from getting a fast start, you drop a little cruise around, get some decent laterals, but then you head down another drop to go really fast, and then just after that, another drop comes, which then supplies you with a heap-load of crazy airtime. And the best part is, that this slide never usually gets a long line. (Ok, it does simply because its at Raging Waters) But compared to everything else in the park, it's short. Speed Slides. If you don't like it, then I think this is a sign for you to stop taking speed.\
\
#?? - Nairobi Express @ Wild Rivers - Located once again at Wild Rivers, this is a water slide that not many people have the opportunity to get on. For you see, Nairobi Express has a lot of valve problems, which translates into it almost never runs. And when it does run, it only stays open for like 20 minutes. So yeah, it's a miracle that I was able to get on this slide at all. And to disappoint you even more, this slide kicks some serious ass. It first starts off with a small but steep drop that gives you quite a bit of speed before having you fly downhill before you just haul down a giant drop. That actually manages to give you some airtime before splashing down into the pool. It was an awesome slide. Such a shame about Nairobi Express being closed all the time. Well, I'm going to Wild Rivers next week, so who knows. Maybe it'll be open again. I HIGHLY doubt it. But you never know. Nairobi Express. A Top 10 Water Slide that you'll most likely never get to ride.\
\
#13. Downhill Racer @ Schlitterbahn - Located right in Schlitterbahn, Downhill Racer is one of the more underrated slides at the park and definitely one of the hidden gems of Schlitterbahn. I mean screw the Master Blaster. Ok, it\'92s a fun water slide and I really like that too, but this is definitely more fun, even if its only 20 seconds. So what's so special about this slide in West Schlitterbahn? One word. AIRTIME!!!! I mean look at it!!! Just look at it!!! You think that's just an ordinary racer slide!? NO!!! That's a double down. And I'm sure from all your roller coaster riding (or roller coaster reading if you can't get out much. If so, I'm sorry.) just what happens during a double down. First drop is fun, and then, AIRTIME!!! It\'92s particularly fun on a water slide. And yeah, you can also race, which is fun too. But as long as you both get crazy good airtime, you're both winners. =)\
\
#12. Dragon\'92s Revenge @ Schlitterbahn - \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Located at Schlitterbahn, this is one of their more famous water slides. It\'92s not featured on the Travel Channel nearly as much as Master Blaster, but man is this the better slide. I mean, just look at all that this water slide offers!! Music, Spinning Tunnels, Theatrical Lighting, Fog, Fake Fire, and an encounter with a dragon. And UNLIKE a certain water slide that promised similar stuff, but just lied to you *cough* Dr. Von Dark *cough*, this slide actually delivers!!! Ok, not COMPLETELY. I'd be lying if I told you that the lighting is of theater quality. But hey!!! There really is music. There really is a spinning tunnel. There really is (not theatrical) lighting. There really is fog. And there really is (obviously) fake fire. And to top it all off, its a Master Blaster too!!! In fact, I think this may have been the first one. Sure, Master Blaster may be the first modern one that really made the slides take off. But Dragon's Revenge was not only first, but offers a much more intriguing experience that really sucks the guests in. Definitely make sure you check this ride out when at Schlitterbahn. You won't be disappointed.\
\
#11. Congo River Rapids @ Wild Rivers - This really makes me sad that the original Wild Rivers had to close down (F*ck you Irvine Comp!! But at least there's a 2nd Wild Rivers that while isn't the same place, is a kickass water park that fills in the gap), cause trust me when I say this. This was truely one of the insane Wild Rivers water slides. Technically there were two sides of the slide. The good slide and the not nearly as good slide. Both are fun and all, but definetly do the one with the drop as that's where the insanity is. After getting your tube, you simply head down the slide. Oh, and did I mention that you can ride the slide backwards? Yeah. That really helps since you can never see where you are going. You're just twisting through all this white water going through turns and bumps when all of a sudden, you head down the drop. And when you go down backwards, its INSANE!!!! One one of our rides, I fell out, scratched my back and kicked Cody in the head and on another one of our rides, we simply flipped over and rode down the rest of the way like a body slide. So yeah. This ride is insane. Congo River Rapids. It's so good, you'll kick your friends in the head.\
\
#5. Bombay Blasters @ Wild Rivers (ORIGINAL VERSION) - Located at Wild Rivers, the objective of Bombay Blasters is fairly simple. LAUNCH YOU INTO THE F*CKING POOL!!!!!!!!! And trust me, it does this goal and it does it well. So in a way, it\'92s similar to the Water Jump at Movieland Studios, but I prefer Bombay Blasters. After getting on the slide it starts off slow, which is kind of disappointing. People on this slide tend to say "Hey!!! This slide isn't FAAAAASSSSSSTTTT!!!!!! *splash* Right when you least expect it, it just goes LAUNCH!!!!!!! Right into the freaking pool!!!! And there are two Bombay Blasters, though they rarely run both at the same time, it is awesome as then you can duel. And of course, watching is awesome as you can then see two splashes and have two opportunities. It's just a few seconds of amazing epicness before splashing into a pool. It's sort of like jumping the Cascade Ponds, except instead of falling vertically, you're being launched horizontally. Bombay Blasters. The ride itself is less than a third of what it took you to read this description of the ride.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 TOP 10 THEME PARK DINING OPTIONS\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ??? - Universal Studios Hollywood - \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Universal Studios Hollywood may have a lot of things to improve on, but I will admit that they are doing a damn good job when it comes to giving people food. The park has several restaurants inside that all look really good. And then of course, we have Citywalk, which alone, has several restaurants that have several tasty things to eat. For my meal, I chose to eat at the Flinstones BBQ, which served BBQ, and other stuff. I ended up getting chilli in a bread bowl since it was a bit cheaper than the other menu items, which included ribs. And it was really good chilli. It was tasty, and it was something that most parks do not offer. And they just have so much to choose from. Hell, just for snacking, go into the Simpsons Gift Shops, and you can get a giant pink doughnut, as well as a Duff Energy Drink and a Flaming Moe. Yeah, they're expensive as hell, and not worth it the second time around, but hey. They at least have cool options to choose from. So yeah, Universal Studios Hollywood is doing a great job in the food department.\
\
??? - Kennywood - Unlike Knotts Berry Farm, Kennywood has great food at fair prices all throughout the park. Good food is pretty much everywhere in this park. However, the best food in the park is without a doubt, the Potato Patch Fries. Now as for what the Potato Patch Fries are, they're simply just french fries, with cheese and bacon bits. And that kicks major ass. The French Fries are made from freshly peeled potatoes, none of this frozen crap that most parks give you when they serve you their french fries. And while some parks will cry that they have fresh fries as a marketing gimmick, Kennywood proves it to you by making the fries in front of your face as seen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.incrediblecoasters.com/potatopatch2.jpg"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 here.}} So that alone proves that they're not typical amusement park crap, but then they add the cheese, which is hot and melty, and bacon bits. And bacon is just about the greatest food ever, so adding it makes anything a million times better. So yeah, this is some pretty awesome food. Kennywood. Here, the fries are a meal, not a sidedish.\
\
??? - Busch Gardens Tampa - Yeah, the dining options they have here at Busch Gardens Tampa are awesome. I mean, they have something good in just about every corner of this park. It's all tied in with the awesome theming of this park, and it is all very tasty. I ended up getting the ribs over by Sheikra, and they were really really good. The sauce they were served in was sweet and tangy as well as had fresh meat. It was a high quality meal in a high quality park. And that was just the ribs at the Zambia BBQ. I'm betting that there's all sorts of great food all around the park. So yeah, Busch Gardens Tampa is a big win in the food department. Not too much else to say about the food here other than it's awesome. So yeah, definitely be sure to check out the food at Busch Gardens Tampa.\
\
#11. Coney Island - \cf3 As one of the oldest amusement parks out there, Coney Island has a lot of charm to it, and that extends to the food they serve. Mostly, they serve a lot of typical amusement park crap, however, that doesn't matter, for they have a food gem right in the park alone. They have the original Nathans Hot Dogs. Yep. They have the one that started it all. I love the entire Nathans Hot Dog Chain. They have some really good hot dogs and I hate California for not having them. LAME!!!!!!!!! =( But oh well. We have In'N'Out, and that makes us even, or hell, that makes us better. In'N'Out > Nathans Hot Dogs. But anyways, I love Nathans Hot Dogs, and Coney Island has the original, which is a jackpot for epicness. This original has some menu items that most of the Nathans Hot Dog chain restaurants don't have such as Orangeade, and most importantly, the Bacon Hot Dog. As shown above, the Bacon Hot Dog is simply epic. It is simply smothered in bacon and hot cheese, making it without any doubt, the best hot dog ever, and definitely one hell of a meal that most amusement parks should serve. I mean, screw the Bacon Wrapped Hot Dog!!!! If you really want a bacon hot dog, you get this. It's the only thing that satisfies.
\fs36 \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 TOP 10 UNDERRATED COASTERS\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ??? - Colossus @ Six Flags Magic Mountain - Now some of you guys may be thinking to yourselves "Of course we don't care about Collosus. They have freaking X2 at Six Flags Magic Mountain!!! And they also have Tatsu, Goliath, Riddlers Revenge, among several other different coasters. Why would or why should I pay any attention at all whatsoever to a dinky wooden coaster?" Well first of all, Collosus is not a dinky little wooden coaster. It's fairly big, it just looks tiny since its dwarfed by Goliath right next door. And while I admit that Six Flags Magic Mountain does have so much better things than Collosus, including X2, one of my all time favorite coasters, but enthusiasts don't just ignore it due to being distracted by much better rides, they genuinely talk sh*t about Collosus. Tons of enthusiasts claim that its just a dull and boring wooden coaster with no character to it, and several of them will claim that its rough, horrible and should be burned down to the ground. SoCalCoasters, from Theme Park Review had the following to say about Collosus.  "I'd tear down, or heavily change Collosus. That thing had jackhammering worse than Ghostrider when I rode it, and it took my neck about a week to recover from riding that piece of crap. I rode it twice, and the second time it was even worse!" The way they were talking about it, you'd swear they were talking about Wild Beast!!! Collosus may not be the greatest coaster ever and you could spend your time at SFMM on much better stuff, like say, oh I don't know, on X2. =) But I really do find Collosus to be a fun and enjoyable ride. I will usually ride it whenever I visit SFMM as I have it as part of my typical morning routine. Goliath, Collosus, and Scream. And I really do like it. The very back seat does have some good airtime on several of the hills, and now that they re-tracked it last year, it is as smooth as glass. But even before then, there was never any roughness to the ride. No jackhammering, no nothing. Now I give Collosus about a 7.3, so its about a 73% in my book. But it ranked #118 out of 176. Thats about a 30%. Yeah. It deserves a MUCH higher rating than that. So yeah. Collosus may not be amazing or anything, but it is a good wooden coaster. Especially Backwards. Oh yeah. It kicks MAJOR MAJOR ASS running backwards!!!!! Yeah. Its so damn underrated.\
\
??? - Hydra @ Dorney Park - Hydra @ Dorney Park is a very interesting coaster and its reputation is very interesting as well. While I will admit that there is no burning hatred of Hydra in the roller coaster community, it is definitely considered to be one of the shittier B&M coasters that they have made. If I could use one word to describe what enthusiasts think of Hydra, I'd have to go with forceless. Nearly EVERYONE I know has claimed that "Oh, Hydra is so forceless." While they don't consider it to be a bottom of the barrel coaster, they do consider to be a very dull ride. If you take a look at the worst Intamin/B&M/GCI Thread on Themeparkreview, you will see that <a href="http://www.themeparkreview.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=30570&p=1184235&hilit=Hydra#p1184235%23">Hydra is a very popular choice for their least favorite B&M</a> (If you're curious, I put down Vortex for B&M, Flashback for Intamin, and Gwazi for GCI). Now, as I said, the main complaint that people have with Hydra is that there's no force on the ride. I can semi-understand. Hydra is no Kumba. Its not even close. So yeah. It kind of is forceless. But here's the thing. Hydra is so slow that it just glides through everything and you slide everywhere. Yeah, the Jo-Jo Roll is great for hangtime. But nearly EVERY SINGLE INVERSION has lots of hangtime. Unlike on most rides where inversions either emit positive Gs, or are just for show, these ones actually make you feel like your going upsidedown. Which is what makes inversions great. It's kind of like Slow Riddlers or Slow Scream, where you just hang on all of the inversions. And on top of all the really slow hanging and the great hangtime, its not QUITE as forceless as everyone says. I got a pop of air on the first drop in the back, I felt a slight bit of whip in some of the turns. Yeah, its no Kumba or Montu or Raptor or Batman. But hey, its still good. I give it about an 8, or a 7.8 if I really want to be more accurate. In the 2010 Mitch Hawker Poll, Hydra was ranked 125/342, this translates into about a 61%. Now I do know that 125/342 is not a horrible ranking. Its better than many other different rides. But I do feel that it should be higher. I just wish more people could appreciate it for what it is and not what they want it to be. This is not Kumba, if you expect that, no sh*t Sherlock, you'll be disappointed. But expect a very loose and hangtime filled ride that'll have you sliding around and hanging by your restraints, and Hydra will not disappoint.\
\
??? - Comet @ Great Escape - Now Comet may not be poorly rated, far from that. People do genuinely seem to enjoy the ride and they do consider it to be a very good wooden coaster. But a very good wooden coaster just doesn't cut it for the Comet. This thing is fucking amazing!!!! And its not just underriden, its underrated. People will give it positive reviews, but they fail to notice all the incredible things that this ride does. It has insane laterals that may as well be on a Wild Mouse, and the airtime!!! Holy Sh*t!!!! The Airtime is so damn good!!!!! Lots of floater air, and some extreme pops that just EJECT you from your seat!!! And not many people I know who ride this seem to notice all the greatness that this ride is doing. They just sort of go with the flow. I mean, they don't criticize the ride. They never complain about it being forceless, because how can you possibly come to that conclusion? But they never really seem to see all the great things that the ride does. This ride is so good that its in my Top 10 Wooden Coasters. But on the Mitch Hawker Poll, Comet is ranked #37, which is not a bad ranking at all. That's very good and most other rides would love that ranking. But Comet as you can see deserves more than #37, which would translate into about 80%. I mean, like I said, it has crazy laterals and great airtime. Its just a great and fun roller coaster. Especially compared to everything else at the Great Escape. Definitely make sure you go and check it out.\
\
??? - Volares @ Various Different Parks - You may be wondering why I didn't just include the Volares in with the rest of the clones such as Boomerangs and SLCs in the #10 Spot? Well, I have two main reasons for that. 1. I have never ridden a bad Volare. Now granted, I have only ridden two Volares in my life. Time Warp @ Canada's Wonderland, and Soaring Eagle @ Coney Island. And I enjoyed both of them very well. And the second reason I included Volares seperately is that they are MUCH more underrated. I mean MUCH more underrated. Yeah, Boomerangs and SLCs get hated on, but I'm definetly not the first person to go and defend these rides. Plenty of other people have defended them before. However, I don't think I've ever heard ANYONE defend a Volare. I know of some other people who like them, but as a whole, NOBODY in the enthusiast community likes these rides. Coasterlover420 from Themeparkreview has this to say about Volares. \'93It's so painful, and it feels like you're a pet that was caged and a cruel owner is swinging you around in loops. While it may seem interesting, it is not a very good investment, imo. Both times I rode it at Elitch's it gave me bruised ribs\'85\'94 And all throughout that thread, there is so much hate for the Volare. Just about NOBODY seems to like these rides. Yeah, they aren't amazing or anything, and they are my least favorite flying coaster, but they still are fun. I'd rank them at around a 7.1 or 71%. However, on the Mitch Hawker Poll, guess where the Volare was ranked? DEAD LAST. You read correctly. The Volare was ranked as the worst steel coaster of all time. Do I even need to keep going on why this is underrated?\
\
??? - Boomerangs, SLCs, & Volares @ Various Different Parks - \cf3 Now let me just start out by saying that all three of these types of rides are far from my favorite rides. The fact that they are cloned heavily does make them get old and some of them really do suck. But Holy Sh*t!!!! These have got to be some of the most hated coasters in the entire roller coaster community!!! Particuarly Volares. They get hated on even more strongly than Boomerangs & SLCs. Everyone always makes fun of them, they are constantly the butt of several different roller coaster jokes, and a good number of coaster enthusiasts do genuinely hate them. Now this hatred isn't entirely constructed from nowhere. Like I said before, they are everywhere, so a well traveled enthusiast sees them all the freaking time and must get sick of them. OK, Volares aren't nearly as common as Boomerangs and SLCs. But they're still semi-common. I'm not THAT well traveled, but even I pass by a Boomerang or an SLC with an attitude of "Seen it" or "All in all, you're just another credit for my count". And like many enthusiasts bitch about, some Boomerangs, Volares, and SLCs are truely horrible rides. Top Gun @ Canada's Wonderland is really down at the bottom of the roller coaster barrel. HOLY CRAP!!!! That ride is bad!!!! But they will look at any Booomerang or SLC and automatically declare it a peice of sh*t just because it is a Boomerang or an SLC. They are just HATED by the roller coaster community. OK. I may not be the first person to defend Boomerangs and SLCs, but Volares in particuar are REALLY hated on. So yeah. Boomerangs and SLCs. They CAN be fun. Trust me. A Smooth Boomerang or SLC is not some ancient myth like Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster!!! They exist!!!! I swear!!!!!\
\
??? - Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain @ Disneyland Paris Resort - Now some of you may be wondering how the hell a Disney roller coaster can be underrated. Some of you may be wondering this as "How is a Disney coaster good enough to really stand out!? Disney coasters are just mine trains, and crappy indoor coasters that people praise because it's Disney! If anything, it's overrated!". Hey, there are some genuinely good coasters over at Disney parks. Rock'N'Roller Coaster, California Screamin, and Expedition Everest come to mind. And everyone does go gaga for those rides. And I'm not going to lie. There is a kernel of truth in the statement that this is all because these rides are at Disney. Though you have to ignore all the theming, special effects, music, and all the stuff that makes stuff like mine trains and crappy indoor coasters so lovable. Well, all except French Space Mountain. Uh...I mean Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain. I see Disneyland Paris is going apesh*t with the freedom Disney has with the fact that they own Star Wars, and is clearly cashing in on the new Star Wars craze. Anyways, while I'm sure the general public love the ride in the same way that all the other Space Mountains are loved, enthusiasts generally hate the ride. They STRONGLY dislike the ride. How the hell can a Space Mountain coaster get so much backlash from other enthusiasts? Mainly, due to the fact that this Space Mountain is a Vekoma looper, and it has a reputation for being ROUGH. Rough like its nearby neighbor with a bad reputation (a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.incrediblecoasters.com/Top10WorstCoasters.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc7 well deserved bad reputation}}), Gouderix. No. Hyperspace Mountain is NOT Gouderix. Sure, it was a little rough. About as rough as your average SLC. But when people are comparing it to Gouderix, NO!!! That is NOT fair!!! AT ALL!!! And to add more to this discussion, when they Star Warsified the ride, they also gave the ride those new trains with the vest restraints that significantly cut back on headbanging, practicaly eliminating it. So that SLC level of roughness I mentioned, it's likely gone now. And it's a fun ride. So definetly give it a ride when at Disneyland Paris. It's certainly an intersting take on Space Mountain....I mean Hyperspace Mountain. Ugh. Still not used to that.\
\
??? - Thunderation @ Silver Dollar City - Thunderation @ Silver Dollar City is no ordinary mine train. Oh god no. This is by far not any ordinary mine train. If you come on, expecting this ride to be something along the lines of Goldrusher or Cedar Creek Mine Ride, then man do you have a shock for you. This mine train is insane for several reasons. First of all, some of the cars run backwards. All right. Thats just freaking awesome!!! Or at least they did.They stopped doing this right after my first visit to Silver Dollar City. LAME!!!!!!!!!! ='( But don't worry. Because even when this coaster is running forewords, its still freaking amazing. You roll out of the station, and MADNESS!!!! It just goes without warning, weaving down towards the ground, keeping some good laterals, and all of this is isolated. Its an incredible mine train. Without a doubt my favorite. Yes, this kicks Thunder Mtns ass!!! However, many enthusiasts do not give this ride the credit that it deserves since its a mine train. Now to be fair, many enthusiasts do in fact call Thunderation their favorite mine train. But this ride is freaking crazy!!!! Especially when it ran backwards!!!! =( But even forewords, it is an awesome ride. I even took some time to get re-rides in because it was that good. Now how many other mine trains do I get re-rides on? Yeah, its awesome. People speak fondly of Thunderration, and do consider it to be one of the better mine trains. But it's better than that. Well definetly check it out when at Silver Dollar City, it may now be forewords only, but its still a blast to ride.\
\
#8. Firehawk @ Kings Island - Firehawk was one of those early Vekoma flying coasters. And yeah. The Vekoma flyers have gotten a bad reputation ever since B&M came out with their own flying coasters just two years later. Everyone claimed that the B&M Flyers are so much better, because they are so much smoother! B&M actually knows how to make a flying coaster and how to make it really feel like you're flying. And while B&M Flying coasters have certainly grown to have more variety, and have some really freaking good flying coasters, such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.incrediblecoasters.com/FlyingDinosaurPhotos.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc8 Flying Dinosaur}}, among others (Seriously, Flying Dinosaur is so f*cking good). But I'm sorry. When comparing the Vekoma Flyers to the Superman: Ultimate Flight clones, there's no denying it. These are superior rides. They certainly do a lot more. Superman: Ultimate Flight is pretty much just a drop, a pretzel loop, and a lot of cruising turns, before rolling through an inline twist into the brake run. The Vekoma Flyers on the other hand, have their first drop, an overbanked turn, a vertical loop, a helix, and a lot of flipping on your back and back on your stomach. Plus, more inline twists. So it definitely does more. And while I will admit. It's true that the original Vekoma Flyer, Nighthawk, is kind of rough. Not painful rough. But it definitely rattles. And there's no denying that those corkscrews are clunky. But Firehawk was smooth as glass. This is why Firehawk is on the list and Nighthawk is not. Sure. Firehawk may not be Tatsu, or any of the other really good B&M Flyers, but it was a lot of fun. Sadly, Kings Island decided to get rid of Firehawk (I was lucky to ride it in its last year of operation). But hey, Batwing still exists at Six Flags America (If that ride is as good as Firehawk, then that'll take its place next year on this list). Give it a ride there while you can.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 TOP 10 WORST COASTERS\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #12 - Son of Beast @ Kings Island - \cf3 Now I know that some people liked this ride, though most of the enthusiast community despised this ride. And yeah. This ride was a piece of sh*t. Now the General Public when this ride first opened LOVED this ride. But thats only because of two reasons. 1, it was HUGE!!! And 2, it was a WOODIE with a LOOP!!!! Now in 2006, there was some accident and the for the 2007 season, they took out the loop on Son of Beast. Now I rode it in 2008, so I missed it with the loop. And from what I heard, the loop was the best part of the ride. But people still loved it for reason #1. It was HUGE!!!! Now I will admit that the first drop on Son of Beast was actually fun. But after that, it was all sh*t. Now everyone keeps hating it because of how painful it was. With the old trains, I'm guessing that it was MUCH MUCH worse since I rode a ride that had these trains that you will see much higher on the list. But with the new trains, it wasn't TOO bad. It was less "OW!! OW!!!! THIS IS KILLING ME!!!!!!" as much as it was this awkward funny uncomfortable vibrations that you literally felt going through you. But what I really despised about Son of Beast was just how bad the layout is. ITS BORING!!!! IT DOES NOTHING EXCEPT GO IN STUPIDASS CIRCLES!!!!! Its just helix after helix after helix with rough vibrations you feel going through you. I go into far more details about this in my Son of Beast Review. But yeah. If its uncomfortable and doesn't do anything, then  there's something seriously wrong with your ride. But at least you'll never get to know. There was another accident in 2009 where some woman claimed she got brain damage from the ride. I'm pretty skeptical about her claims, but they closed Son of Beast. The ride was just announced a few days ago that it would be torn down in the winter. And I won't miss it a bit. It was uncomfortable and boring. Not two qualities you want on a roller coaster.\
\
#11 - Grizzly @ California\'92s Great America - Now if there's any ride that the enthusiast community hates, it would be this one. Grizzly is definitely one steaming pile of sh*t. And now the question of why so begins. All right. "Why?" Yep. It\'92s those exact same two reasons again. Yep the same two that plague Mean Streak and Son of Beast. It\'92s uncomfortable and boring. But mostly boring. HOLY CRAP!!!! THIS RIDE IS SO DAMN BORING!!!!! IT LITERALLY DOES NOTHING!!!!! IT IS SLOWER THAN A SNAIL!!!! KIDDY COASTERS SMALLER THAN ME ARE MORE THRILLING THAN THIS GIANT SLEEPING PILL!!!!!!!! Oh wait, did I say that its a sleeping pill? Yeah, it\'92s not. It would be if it had really cozy seats with nice velvet cushioning. But unless you enjoy sleeping in a hard plastic chair that shuffles and pokes you in the sides, then this is not a sleeping pill for you. Yeah, Grizzly is not a comfortable ride. Now it\'92s not that rough. I know that I have a deep love for LOTS of rides much rougher than this. But this roughness bothers me because at least on other rides, the roughness is either part of the wildness or can be overlooked by being distracted by something great. Here, not so much. It's sort of like the difference between getting a small cut by playing with friends and getting a small cut while cleaning the sh*t off a toilet seat. Neither really hurt, but if you get the cut playing with friends, "Big Whoop!!! Let\'92s have more fun by doing more crazy stupid sh*t!!!!" Whereas if you get the cut while cleaning the toilet seat, you notice the pain a lot more and your bad experience just got worse. Yeah, thats a good example of Grizzly\'92s roughness. Now a lot of people will say that boring doesn't equal bad. I'm sorry, but roller coasters are designed to be thrilling and fun. If your design fails to do this, then yeah. You're a horrible roller coaster designer. You clearly have designed a horrible ride as it completely fails to do what it was intended to do.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 TOP 10 PARK SETTINGS\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #17 - Knoebels & Fort Fun - Now I decided to just have these two parks share the #10 spot for Best Park Setting because not only are these parks very similar, but their park setting alone is also very similar. Both of these are small little Family Owned Theme Parks set in the middle of freaking nowhere. They are both hard to get to with lots of Freeway Changes, Single Lane Roads, and drives through small little quaint German Villages (Ok, the German Villages only applies to Fort Fun, but thats beside the point). They both have a isolated in the middle of the forest feel to them, and I love that. Knoebels is mostly just set in the middle of the Pennsylvania Forests, sort of like they just took a campground and converted it into a fun theme park. Fort Fun on the other hand, is actually right by a Ski Resort, so in the winter, you have fun skiing and in the summer, you have fun being crazy at Fort Fun. But yeah. Both of them are isolated in the forests, and if you go around the edges, you see no signs of civilization at all. I do feel that Fort Fun may be slightly better as it takes more advantage of its setting with a Zipline that gives you an insane view, the Alpine Coaster that has you go crazy in the woods, and slides to get down the hills. But both parks have a great setting. And on top of all that, both are some of the best parks ever with tons of fun things to do. Be sure to check either of them out and have fun in the forest if you're in Pennsylvania or Germany.\
\
#16. Cedar Point - Now I know that some of you may be saying "Cedar Point!!!? That concrete jungle of nothing but giant steel rollercoasters!!!? That has a good park setting!!!?" Well first off, you're confusing park theming with park setting because yeah. You're right. There's no theming in Cedar Point at all. But as for the park setting, its got a nice one. The park is set right on the edge of Lake Erie and you can really get a good view of the lake from the park. Several of the parks coasters are improved by this really good park setting. I know Wicked Twisters back spike is significantly improved by the feeling of twisting up above the beach. People riding Millennium Force keep claiming that on clear days, they are able to see Canada from the top of the lifthill. And come on. Lets be honest. One of the huge advantages Top Thrill Dragster has against Kingda Ka is the view you get at the top. Cause come on. Do you know anyone who praises the view you get on Kingda Ka? Not the height it goes, but the view itself. Do you know anyone interested in all that beautiful lovely New Jersey? Yeah. I didn't think so. So yeah. While Cedar Point itself may be just a big concrete jungle, its got a really nice park setting that does give the park feel a little nicer and makes some of the coasters more enjoyable. Plus, its got a bunch of great roller coasters including one of my favorites, Maverick. So definitely check it out.\
\
#15. Indiana Beach - Located right on the edge of Lake Shafer, this is a really nice setting that Indiana Beach has. On one hand, the park is totally trying to create a sort of boardwalk feel. You know, that feeling you get when walking around boardwalks with the ocean air, sea breezes, and great view with wooden coasters along the path. And it does that. But Indiana Beach has its own unique style. The park may not have a big ocean setting, but come on. Did you seriously expect that at in the middle of Indiana? Though there is a really nice lake smell to it. It has the sort of smell I get when I go water skiing. And all the wooden coasters and flat rides do help build the park a really nice charm and atmosphere. And this is all especially impressive when you take into account that just outside the park, you'd see nothing but corn, like how you see that throughout the rest of the dull as dirt state of lovely Indiana. So give the park some credit for finding the only nice looking part of the entire state to set their park in. That really took some challenging research. And the park itself is interesting with some good coasters, and even though there are a few dumb rules at Indiana Beach, its still a really cool park that I'd recommend you visit.\
\
#14. Nickelodeon Universe - Located right smack dab in the middle of Mall of America, Nickelodeon Universe has a very fascinating setting. Now some of you may be wondering what's so special about Bloomington, Minnesota. And the correct answer to that question is Absolutely Nothing!!! However, for the setting of Nickelodeon Universe, think internally. I mean just think about what you're looking at in Nickelodeon Universe. It's quite literally nothing but a giant shopping mall. And yeah. Thats setting, not theming. I mean, none of those stores are part of the park, they're all just the setting. And its a fascinating setting. I mean, you're completely isolated from the real world, with nothing there just mindless consumerism to stare at while you're in a land of Nickelodeon. And it's everywhere. I mean, you can see the Hooters at the end of the light at the Log Flume, which makes me suspect that all males (and lesbians) experience this whenever they have a near death experience. Yeah. Its ugly. Yeah. It brings out the worst in humanity with all its mindless soulless consumerism, but at the same time, its fascinating to look at. That, and the mall itself can save your ass, like when I had to get a new camera for my trip. (Once again, thank you Best Buy). And for an indoor park, Nickelodeon Universe is pretty great. Its got good rides, and for its size, a lot to do. Definitely check it out.\
\
#12, Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk - Located on the beaches of Santa Cruz, California, the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk really does put out a good park setting. Its got a nice ocean breeze, and the endless view of the Pacific Ocean to look out at. And, the fact that this really is a boardwalk definetly enhances the experience you get at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk. It just has a really nice feel to it. Now I know that the beach on Santa Cruz isn't exactly the best beach ever. I've been to much nicer beaches in Hawaii and Italy. Hell, I'm planning on doing a trip next month to check out some of Nor Cal's great beaches (and visit this park again). And yeah. This park is really freaking cool. The rides are fun, the Giant Dipper is a really good wooden coaster, and of course, the setting is pretty damn good. I'm really looking foreword to coming back to this park. Definetly visit this park if you're up in Northern California. Its a really fun park.\
\
#11. Coney Island - \cf3 Located on the edge of the ocean in Brooklyn, New York, Coney Island simply has a really good setting. Like many of the parks on the list, its right by the ocean and has a really nice ocean breeze. But its not just the breeze of the ocean that makes Coney Island have a really good setting. Its also smack dab in Brooklyn, New York, and you can really get the feel of New York City in the park which really gives the park atmosphere. And of course, the history of the place and the fact that it is a landmark in New York City means that there is some pretty deep atmosphere to this park. I mean, this park is known by the General Public. And I'm not talking about New York City locals. I'm talking about the whole damn country. Everybody knows about Coney Island, which gives it a really nice setting. Its just freaking Coney Island. And yeah. Its a really good setting. I mean, need proof? Just look at their Starflyer. The Brooklyn Flyer. Its not very thrilling and its pretty small. I ridicule Starflyers of similar height for being too small. But I just really like the view too much to beat on the Starflyer here. Though I do wish they got a massive 400 ft one. That'd be thrilling and you'd probably be able to see the New York City skyline from that. But thats enough fantasies. Coney Island has a great setting and is the original boardwalk, making it the basis for many of the settings on this list. And its a cool park. Check it out.\
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 TOP 10 DROP TOWERS\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #13, Intamin 2nd Generation Drop Towers (of decent height) - Located at various different parks around the world, Intamin 2nd Generation Freefalls are one of the most common types of drop towers out there, only behind the S&S Drop Towers as the most popular drop tower ever. And I will admit that I prefer these drop towers to the S&S Drop Towers. The main reason being that these drop towers actually freefall whereas the S&S Drop Towers just launch you down. Its still fun and it gives you a good pop, but after that, you don't really feel acceleration. Here, you feel the acceleration. You really feel like you're falling. And most of these are of a fairly good height for a drop tower, so you're freefalling for a while. Then again, there are some exceptions, like Gardaland's <a href="http://www.incrediblecoasters.com/spacevertigo2.JPG">puny drop tower</a>. Ok, maybe I should've re-worded this to say the #10 spot goes to Intamin 2nd Generation Freefalls (of proper height). But most of these are great and let you freefall for a while before you hit the brakes. Be sure to check one out at whatever park is close to you.\
\
??? - Scream @ Heide Park - Located at Heide Park in Germany, Scream is one of the newer Intamin Drop Towers. Its sort of like an Intamin 3rd Generation Drop Tower. Basically, its got circular seating, you go up and rotate up to the top, and then once you're at the top. Freefall. And yeah. Scream is a pretty damn big drop tower. I'm not sure of its exact height, but its got to be at least 200 ft. tall. Which is definitely higher than most of the Intamin 2nd Generation Freefalls. This one really focuses on the freefalling effect. You just fall down. You're falling and you're falling FAST!!!! And you just hit the brakes. Its pretty freaking insane. I mean, the 2nd Generation Freefalls are fun and all, but this thing is just great and falls so beautifully. Its kind of low on the list, but its still a great drop tower. Definitely make sure to check it out when at Heide Park. <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zStwUCu_Prw">And Don't forget to scream on Scream. =)</a> (Ok, I know. That joke was absolutely horrible).\
\
??? - Drop Zone @ Kings Island - Located at Kings Island in Ohio, this Drop Zone is definitely one of the better ones. Most of the other Drop Zones at the former Paramount Parks are just your typical 2nd Generation Drop Tower.  This one on the other hand, is another one of those Roto-Drops/3rd Generation Drop Towers. Yep, this is very similar to Scream @ Heide Park. Its got the circular seating, rotate up to the top, and then once you're at the top. Freefall. And yeah. It\'92s a BIG drop tower. Its definitely bigger than Scream @ Heide Park, which is what gives it the advantage. I think I read that Drop Zone was about 255 ft. Yeah. That seemed about right cause I distinctly remember looking down at Son of Beast at the top, which was 200 ft, so it was definitely taller than 200 ft. And this may sound weird, but I like the view better. I know that the area of Ohio that Kings Island is in is bland and boring, so this may sound confusing. But aside from Heide Park not having a much better setting, I just like looking down on all of the coasters. I just find it cool. Oh, and I forgot to mention this when talking about Scream, but after it drops, you're definitely gonna feel the speed. A huge wave of wind just BLASTS you after it drops. This doesn't necessarily make the actual ride itself better, but it is a ton of fun to get blown in line. Drop Zone. It\'92s one of the star attractions of Kings Island, so definitely check it out. =)\
\
#12. Hollywood Tower @ Movieland Studios - \cf3 Located at Movieland Studios in Italy, Hollywood Tower is an Intamin 1st Generation Freefall tower, and man are these things crazy. First off, these rides, while at one point, were super common, have now become an incredibly rare ride. Seriously, they used to be everywhere. There even used to be one at my home park, Six Flags Magic Mountain. But unfortunately, these rides are disappearing and they're disappearing FAST!!! Freefall has been gone from SFMM for about a decade now and I miss it. Here's a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDtg6s5aFGY"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc9 raw footage video}} of the ride in memory of it. And yeah. Thats pretty much how Hollywood Tower is. It\'92s sad that these rides are so rare nowadays as they truly are awesome. If it looks like its not quite as well made as the newer 2nd Generation Freefalls, its not. And thats what makes this ride so much fun. =) Plus that Ker-Chunk at the end that everyone else hates, is pretty fun. It\'92s just a fun and sadly nowadays, rare ride. The only one left in the U.S is Demon Drop @ Dorney Park. There's obviously Hollywood Tower @ Movieland Studios, which I was fortunate enough to get out and ride in 2012, and a few others in Japan. And I think that's it. So if you have the opportunity to ride one of these, TAKE IT!!!!! Who knows how long it'll be before these all go extinct.\
\
#11. Mystery Castle @ Phantasialand - Oh Sh*t. How the f*ck am I supposed to talk about Mystery Castle without giving away all the secrets that make this ride so good? How am I gonna talk about this without spoilers? Hmm, just give me a second here. Hmm....Ok. I've got some stuff to say. Well, as you probably figured out by now, Mystery Castle is not your typical drop tower. This doesn't just take you up and drop you like most drop towers. There's a lot of funky sh*t that goes on inside that building, and while it isn't mindblowing, it will surprise you (provided you don't ruin it by googling it or watching a POV of it). All I can really say is this. Do NOT unbuckle the seatbelt until they officially tell you that the ride is over and turn on the lights. Just trust me on this. Mystery Castle. Go ride it and discover the mystery for yourself.}